you are not who you think you are. your personality and identity is significantly more malleable than you realize. with a few simple tricks, you can exploit your brain&#39;s innate functionality to change just about anything about yourself. here&#39;s how.	brain
android wants to keep you and spammy callers as far away from each other as possible. when you block a number in android’s settings, it’s blocked for all apps on your phone forever and without having to go through your network provider. while google introduced the ability to block numbers on a few years ago in previous versions of android, accessing and adding to your blocked numbers list has changed a bit, and there are now multiple ways to do so. here are all the ways you can block numbers on android.	spam android
one of the most convenient features pixel 2 and pixel 3 owners enjoy, call screening, is getting an important upgrade. by the end of the year, your device will be able to save the call transcriptions it creates when dealing with suspected spam calls (or calls you choose to screen manually). and if you don’t want to wait, you can beta test the feature right now.	pixel ai beta
should you install a public beta of ios on your primacy iphone or ipad? most people caution against it—especially when a beta is in its earlier stages, since you never know what kind of bugs might brick that-which-you-use-your-iphone-to-do (or your favorite apps). 	ios iphone ipad beta os
last week, apple rolled back one of the key facetime features that was supposed to drop with ios 12 and macos mojave this fall: group video chat. the feature, which would let you and up to 31 friends not-quite-make-eye-contact through their phones and laptops, was removed from the beta versions of each os last week, and will now reportedly launch at a later date.
	video_chat facetime
you’ve enrolled in apple’s public beta program for ios, you’ve downloaded and installed the new ios 12 public beta, and your iphone or ipad has finally reset with the latest version of apple’s mobile os. you type in your pin, authenticate into your device, and... now what? where do you even start?	ios_12 apple iphone ipad ios beta
happy beta day! apple has finally released ios 12 to the non-developer masses—assuming you didn’t use a crafty trick to get your non-paying-self enrolled in the beta a few weeks ago.	ios_12 apple ios beta
if you want to play with the “early af” release of ios 12, or run around in the deserts of macos mojave, you normally have to give apple $99 for the privilege of developing apps for its platform—apps it’ll ultimately take a 30 percent cut of (unless you offer a subscription and keep a user for longer than a year, but now i’m getting minute). that gets you access to the just-announced developer betas, which arrive (and tend to be updated) before the official public betas of apple’s new operating systems	apple ios macos beta ios_12 macos_mojave
a new mac app store! dark mode! desktop stacks! group facetime! dick tracy mode for your apple watch! it’s wwdc day, and apple revealed plenty of new features for its various platforms this morning. (no, you’re not getting more free icloud space and, yes, your macbook pro keyboard still sucks.)	apple wwdc
android: how do you normally share search results from google with your friends? i confess, i’ve never copied-and-pasted the gigantic url for the results page to anyone else; i usually just use the deliciously passive-aggressive “lmgtfy.com” to help them out. maybe i’m a jerk.	google android search
like most ways of measuring things, the united states uses a different temperature scale than most of the rest of the world. however, the fahrenheit scale often doesn’t make much sense compared to the celsius scale. this video explains why.	temperature
android: unit conversion apps are a bit of a bore, but convert everything takes the concept to a whole new level. it&#39;s probably the most complete unit conversion tool we&#39;ve seen, and can convert everything from length measurements and currency to clothing/shoe sizes to resistance and magnetomotive force.	android measurement
chrome: sometimes you just never want to see a certain site in your google results. maybe you want to block a sketchy news source, or you don’t want pinterest in your image search results, or there’s a really gross forum that keeps appearing in searches. some sites like yahoo answers and quora have a way of cluttering up lots of searches. you can block a site from future searches with the ublacklist chrome extension.
	chrome google search
 personal blocklist is a chrome extension that allows you to block sites from showing up in results when using google search.	chrome google_search
memorial day marks the start of the serious grilling season, and there’s no better weekend to bolster your grill-master game. luckily, honing your outdoor culinary skills is a lot more simple than it seems, given the right tools, a little preparation, and a few tips on technique.	grilling weekend
it&#39;s saturday. what better time to do some tasty outdoor bbqing?	
it’s a novice carpenter’s worst nightmare: you’re trying to tighten or remove a screw, and you find the head is stripped. you press the screwdriver or drill bit into the head and try to turn, but there’s no friction. try throwing a little back into your screw twists, and if that fails, try these stripped screw removal tips from the diy experts at stack exchange.
	
which glue should you use? well, that depends on the type of materials you’re trying to stick together. make’s comprehensive adhesives chart recommends the best glue for your project.	glue
when it comes to veggies, freshness is key, and what’s more fresh than growing your own? fortunately, you don’t need a green thumb to grow a bounty of fresh vegetables right in your backyard or balcony. whether you’re a gardening novice or just want to start a vegetable garden with the least amount of time and effort, here are the top almost-foolproof vegetables to grow.	gardening vegetables
i was momentarily proud of myself the year i grew peas: i tended them for weeks, harvested a big basket full of pods, sat down to shell them...and only ended up with enough for a small side dish. as much as i loved the peas, that was a lot of work for very little payoff.
	
since they&#39;re cheap and come in bulk, we tend to waste a lot of vegetables and herbs in the kitchen. if you&#39;d prefer to cut down on that a bit, a few kitchen staples are dead simple to regrow and don&#39;t need a full blown garden. in fact, these ones don&#39;t even require dirt.	kitchen
this week mary meeker from the investment firm kleiner perkins caufield byers released her 2018 annual internet trends report. there were a lot of tidbits in there covering everything from what city is likely to be the next big tech hub to how people are shopping on the internet. it also tackled another interesting topic: where you’re better off using a ride-sharing service.
	
if someone asked you to describe the entire global technology landscape, you’d probably just shake your head and declare the task as impossible. but mary meeker, from kleiner perkins caufield &amp; byers, does that each year. her report has been released and it details everything from global smartphone shipments, to how much time we spend online to the growth of china as a major global tech hub.	mary_meeker
over the past few months, i’ve written a lot of articles trying to demystify the world of cryptocurrency (from the coins themselves to blockchain to what it means for your taxes), but there’s still a ton left to cover. you could probably spend the rest of the year reading about cryptocurrency and still have more questions than answers. i’m not recommending anyone actually do that, but if you want to, there’s a website you should check out.
	cryptocurrency blockchain
all of a sudden, blockchain is everywhere. the technology, which was invented in 2008 to power bitcoin when it launched a year later, is being used for everything from copyright protection to sexual consent (yes, really).
	blockchain bitcoin
2017 was the year that cryptocurrency finally went mainstream as bitcoin’s value soared from under $1,000 to nearly $20,000, and it doesn’t look like things will slow down in 2018. 	cryptocurrency bitcoin
if you’ve always wanted to own some cryptocurrency, a new app might be a good way to get your hands on some. called coinflash, the app takes the spare change left over from your purchases during the week and uses that cash to invest in the cryptocurrency of your choice through a coinbase account.
	cryptocurrency
bitcoin, the decentralized digital currency dominated by white men, seemed on the verge of disappearing after every scandal, crash, or hack. but eight years later, it’s not only growing but accelerating, tripling in total value since january to over $45 billion. and it’s not the only cryptocurrency; competitors include litecoin, dogecoin, and ethereum (a currency that supports “smart contracts”).	bitcoin cryptocurrency digital_currency ethereum smart_contracts currency
dear lifehacker,

everywhere i go, i see bitcoin popping up more and more. many web services accept payments in the form of bitcoin, and some even sell their homes for the stuff. i know it&#39;s a digital currency, but where does it come from and how is its value determined? more importantly, should i bother earning it and using it for any reason? 	bitcoin currency digital_currency
we all have certain things we’re particularly good at and may have done since childhood, like art, cooking or fixing things. but as we age, we become painfully aware of our shortcomings, and we decide we’re going to fix ourselves, take up some hobbies, learn new things. but it seldom goes according to plan.	art cooking
would you be able to defend yourself and your loved ones if someone were to physically attack you? it’s a question most of us don’t want to consider, but violence is, unfortunately, a fact of life. thankfully, regardless of strength, size, or previous training, anyone can learn several effective self-defense techniques. here’s how to prepare for and stay safe in common real-world violent situations.	self-defense
the mystery of love is dwarfed by the far greater mystery of how to get the hell over being dumped. here’s how to begin.	love
many wonder how to talk to someone who is going through a loss, how best to be supportive, and how to properly offer condolences. but when grief hits you, it’s not only painful, it’s extremely difficult to navigate through a range of new emotions. 	grief loss
if you’re not careful, your well-meaning condolences can make you sound like a total ass. the trick to offering your sincere sympathy to the bereaved is knowing what to avoid while you show your support. these are the seven big no-no’s.
	condolences
the worst part of any wedding—beyond waiting in the sweltering heat for the bride to stride down the aisle or eating an especially overcooked steak at the reception—is having to endure one alone.	wedding
having a registry for your wedding can be complicated, and you might end up with a bunch of stuff you don’t actually need. asking for cash instead of gifts is becoming more and more acceptable, but there’s a right way to go about it.	cash
summer airport traffic will be especially hellacious this year, and some airports will be worse than others. while long lines mostly depend on tsa staffing, you should at least be aware of the airports where flight delays are already bad.	airports
for a lot of people, their alcohol-drinking education comes hard and fast during college, and mostly involves cheap beer and whatever else they can get your hands on. most of us don’t have a formal introduction to the different types of adult beverages, what’s in them and how to order them—and that can lead to some embarrassing situations when you’re ordering a drink at a bar.	alcohol bar beer
having an active social circle can have a ton of benefits for your professional and personal life. as an adult, that social life can often involve alcohol. if you’re new to the world of drinking, or all you know from your college days is jägerbombs and keg stands, here’s how to enter the drinking world like an adult.	drinking alcohol
a great cup of coffee is one of the simple pleasures in life. but as common as coffee is, it’s surprisingly hard to find (or make) truly good coffee. sure, some of that comes down to the beans, but more than that, the ratio of coffee to water is key to making a great cup of joe. in other words, even if you’re using the most expensive artisan roasted beans, if your ratio is off, the whole thing could taste gross.	coffee
i’m not going to judge you for ordering a cup of flavored sugar milk with a dash of coffee. you like to make your addictive bean water taste good! but those add-ons add up, so here’s how to get your $6 frankendrink down to a still-expensive-but-less-outrageous $3-ish.
	coffee
for all of its wild popularity, caffeine is one seriously misunderstood substance. it&#39;s not a simple upper, and it works differently on different people with different tolerances—even in different menstrual cycles. but you can make it work better for you.	caffeine
earlier this week, google voice opened to everyone in the u.s.. the phone management app is great, but even cooler hacks exist just under the hood. here are our favorite tricks every google voice user should know about.	google_voice
iphone/palm pre: apple and/or at&amp;t don&#39;t want the google voice service to have its own iphone app, and we think that stinks. google is finally releasing the next best thing: a mobile site that basically replicates a dedicated google voice app.	google_voice iphone palm_pre
some homes, especially homes with teenagers, have more apple devices than house keys. but you need to be signed into different icloud accounts to track each device. one way around that: add a single-purpose icloud account to each device you want to map and track.	icloud apple home
the best way to save money on starbucks is to make your coffee at home. the second best way is to buy it somewhere cheaper. but the third best way is to hack your starbucks order to pay less for the same (or similar) drink. some hacks are innocent; others less so. here’s a compilation of the best starbucks hacks from over the years.
	coffee starbucks money
you can find just about anything on reddit, for better or worse. it’s one of the reasons why the site remains so universally popular, as it’s an easy way for newbies to have near-unlimited access to everything that used to be a little harder to find: day-of downloads for new movies, streams of their favorite sporting events, free or modified games and applications, et cetera.
	reddit downloads games movies
hackers are using apple’s “find my” service to remotely hold devices for ransom, reports macrumors. multiple people have tweeted about stolen accounts in the past week. two-factor authentication does not prevent the hack.
	mac apple
you’ve probably heard the word “encryption” a million times before, but if you still aren’t exactly sure what it is, we’ve got you covered. here’s a basic introduction to encryption, when you should use it, and how to set it up.	encryption how_to

	keeping your personal data safe doesn&#39;t have to be difficult—as long as you keep the sensitive stuff encrypted and under your control. that&#39;s why this week we&#39;re looking at the five best file encryption tools you can use to encrypt your data locally so only you have the key.	encryption data
messaging on android is a mess.	android messaging
it’s time to upgrade from the apple podcasts app.	apple_podcasts podcasts apple app
android: there are plenty of people who don’t need bells and whistles when an easy-to-understand, well-designed app will do. and that’s my impression of google’s new podcasts app—teased for some time and finally made available for download as of yesterday.	podcast
if you’re not a fan of using google play music to manage and listen to podcasts—and we don’t blame you there—you can still get your podcasts in android without having to install a third-party app. just do a quick google search for what you want to listen to, drop a shortcut to the show onto your home screen, and tap it whenever you feel like enriching your life with hours and hours of commentary.	podcasts google app android
google has never really had a great strategy for podcasts, leaving android users to hunt for third-party apps to manage their subscriptions and play new episodes. (apple’s standalone podcasts app isn’t very good either, but at least it exists.) now, it looks like the search giant finally has some semblance of a solution that should make it easier to listen to podcasts across your google and android devices.	podcasts google android
there’s no shortage of podcast managers for android, and a lot of them are really good. we have a lot of favorites, but today we think pocket casts is the your option to find, download, and organize podcasts on your android phone, as well as your other devices. 	podcast_manager android podcasts
nearly everyone has at some point received a letter or magazine meant for someone else. instead of just tossing it, however, there are ways to make sure that mail gets back to its intended recipient—and stops cluttering up your inbox. in this edition of ask lifehacker, we’ll show you how.
	ask_lifehacker mail
mistakes happen, especially when it comes to the mail. carriers sometimes misread an address, letters can shift around in the back of the truck, and people move without updating their address. here’s what you do if you get mail that doesn’t belong to you.
	mail
opinions about the usps may differ depending on who you ask (or what package you lost), but the agency does ship almost anything. it might surprise you, however to know what else the usps is willing to ship: certain kinds of live animals, and lots of ‘em. you’ll have to follow some different rules depending on what you’re mailing, but as long as you stick to the plan your critters should arrive at their destination without incident.	mail animals usps
a big move with a pet can be tough, and most experts recommend you avoid flying with them if at all possible. if there’s no way around it, though, you want to be prepared, and that means knowing how much the flight will cost. here’s how much the major u.s. airlines charge for flying with a pet.	flying airlines
before i got married, i read some advice on a wedding message board: buy a new fragrance and use it for the first time on your wedding day. every time you use it in the future, the smell will transport you back to the big day.	fragrance
cologne and perfume are great to spruce yourself up for a special event or when you want to feel fancy, but it’s tough to find that perfect scent, and it’s expensive to try. instead, try sample kits to test multiple scents without spending a fortune. they’re available from more companies than you might think.	perfume cologne
while baking powder comes with an expiration date of roughly 18 months on the box, most bakers like sally advise tossing out an opened pack after six months or checking if it&#39;s still good to be used. and here&#39;s the simple test to do it.	baking_powder
even if you don’t consider yourself an artistic person, chances are you’ve probably encountered situations where you’ve had to select colors for something. this most likely happens every morning when you get dressed (unless, like cartoon characters, you have an entire closet of the same outfit) or when setting up a new room in your home or office.	colors
painting your walls is definitely an undertaking, but not quite as much of an undertaking as figuring out what paint color you want to use.
	painting paint
insane prices in the art market make art forgery a potentially high-profit business. so how do art buyers tell real undiscovered artworks from fakes? to analyze and identify forgeries, experts must apply their knowledge of art history, plus the science behind the materials and techniques of artists. in the video above, forensic scientist thiago piwowarczyk and art historian jeffrey taylor show wired how they identified a forgery of jackson pollock’s drip paintings (which are actually famously hard to forge).	art painting artists forgery science
the art institute of chicago recently revamped its website and released a searchable database of high-resolution art. even better, a lot of the art is in the public domain, meaning you can legally use it however you want, even for commercial purposes. (check the copyright notice on each artwork’s page.) you’ll notice that while you can zoom in on most of the artworks, only the public-domain art will include a full-resolution download link.
	art public_domain copyright
for the first time in twenty years, as the atlantic points out, a whole year’s worth of copyrighted works will enter the public domain in the u.s. on january 1, 2019. under the terms of the sonny bono copyright act, works first published in 1923 will enter the public domain, meaning anyone can re-publish them, or chop them up and use them in other projects, without asking permission or paying the old rights holders. you can record new versions of the musical compositions; you can show the movies for a profit; you can even remake them. amazon can sell you the ebook and keep all the money, and project gutenberg can give you the ebook for free. the atlantic has a short list; we have a longer one below.
	copyright public_domain music
sleep: we all need it, but most of us aren’t getting nearly enough of it. what are we doing wrong? why is the perfect night’s sleep so elusive? and how can we start getting the rest we need and deserve? 	sleep
you hear a lot of things about how to change habits—it’s going to take you 21 days! you are going to have to make small changes before you can make big changes! reward yourself! deny yourself! grit your teeth! just do it!
	habits
we could all get better at conversing with our fellow humans. it’s just so easy these days to hide behind our screens, and when we’re finally face to face with actual people, we’re often talking too much and not listening enough. how can we make the most of those one-on-one, face-to-face, in-real-life moments? we’ll hear from journalist celeste headlee, author of we need to talk: how to have conversations that matter. and lifehacker’s own michelle woo tells us how to talk to kids—because do any of us really know how to do it? and our producer casey georgi talks to people on the streets of nyc to find out what irks people most when it comes to bad conversationalists. 
	conversation talking
in a very special live episode of the upgrade about “how to fail,” brittany luse and eric eddings of the nod shared what they view as each other’s biggest failures.	the_upgrade the_nod how_to_fail
have you ever taken out your phone to write down a list and think “is this way actually better than how it used to be?”	
this video contains repeated uses of the amazon echo trigger word “alexa.” to prevent your echo from responding, watch with headphones.	alexa
everyone poops. but not everyone poops the same.	poop
walking in the woods has measurable health benefits, and professor yoshifumi miyazaki is studying how to spread those benefits to as many people as possible. according to his research, spending time in nature can lower your blood pressure and decrease stress hormones, with the effects of a hike lasting for days. you can even lower stress by keeping a plant in your home or workplace. dr. miyazaki is even researching whether a vr simulation of a forest can give some of the same benefits.	nature health walking
i&#39;ve seen you guys post a few things about the benefits of meditation, and i only have one question: really? i&#39;m pretty skeptical. is there some actual science behind meditation benefits, or is this just one of those trends? 	meditation science
zen habits blogger leo babuta hits on perhaps the most important aspect of making meditation a centering tool for your hectic life: forming the habit. don&#39;t buy a mat or pillow, or focus on 15-minute sits—not yet. just sit for 2 minutes, every single day.	meditation focus habits
if you’ve ever taken a walk to de-stress, you know the powerful effect getting outside can have on making you feel refreshed mentally, emotionally, and physically. but if you live in a busy city, finding nature to help you recharge can be a challenge.
	nature
you probably know that it’s important to take regular breaks from your work, but what you do during them is equally important. a recent study suggests spending less than a minute looking at images of nature can help when you’re mentally fatigued.	work breaks fatigue
whether you’re talking to family on skype or hangouts, or you’re playing multiplayer games and need your teammates to hear you, there are a few simple things you can to do make sure your audio comes through clearly. 	audio hangouts skype
so you’re all excited to hop on a video chat with grandma, but the quality is less than desirable. the video is choppy, the audio echoes and cuts out, and you can barely see the person on the other end. before you flip that table, here are a few things you can tweak to make sure you’re getting the best quality possible.	video_chat chat video
hdr—or high dynamic range imaging—is now a common feature on both iphone and android, and can help you take better-looking photos. it can also be intimidating if you’re unsure of how to get started.	iphone android hdr high_dynamic_range photos
  your smartphone is a great tool for taking pictures, but if you&#39;ve ever tried to snag a portrait of someone you know that unless you&#39;re outside they tend to be a little bland. photographer philippe echaroux shows off how to take a solid portrait with just an iphone and a $10 light. 	iphone
camera phones have come a long way in the past few years, but they don&#39;t always take point-and-shoot quality pictures on the first try (let alone dslr quality). here&#39;s how to squeeze the best quality photos out of your smartphone&#39;s camera.	pictures photos
android doesn&#39;t have a ton of apps that can turn images into text documents, but of the ones available, google goggles is free and does everything it promises to do: copy text from an image and let you paste it anywhere. 	android
there are tons of note apps with wildly different approaches to organizing your thoughts. for that perfect balance between quick notes and serious organization, google keep is our favorite. you can scribble something down easily, or go all-out with filtering, labels, color-coding, and more.	notes apps google_keep
there are quite a few choices on itunes for apps that can turn images of documents, book pages, business cards, and more into digital, editable text. our favorite is textgrabber for its ease of use, accuracy, and reasonable price. 	
there comes a time in every car owner’s life when they lock their keys in their vehicle, or lose them completely. sure, you can pay to have a professional break into your car for you...or you can just learn how to do it yourself to save both time and money.
	
like it or not, office politics are almost impossible to avoid. even those that try to completely avoid the political scene often get caught in the tangle. stop running and learn how to leverage the politics in your office. the dumb little man weblog has a series of tips to help you step up your game.	how_to office office_politics
learn how to schmooze your way to the top with bnet&#39;s guide to conquering office politics. very few people enjoy the b.s. that encompasses office politics, but the reality is that some form of politics exist in every type of work environment, and your success depends greatly on your ability to work the system.	how_to office politics
david allen has a zipped archive of 17 articles available to download for free at the david allen company online store. whether you&#39;re a die-hard gtder or just use certain portions of the methodology (like gina), the articles are a great supplement to the concepts presented in the book. the downside to all of the free content is that you must provide an email address and a billing address since the download is considered a &quot;purchase&quot; from the online store (even though it is a free download). you don&#39;t need to hand over any credit card information, though. hit the jump for the list of articles included in the download.	gtd david_allen

 
 whenever i talk to someone who knows anything about lifehacker, whether it’s a reader or a journalist, this question is inevitable: “do you follow getting things done?” my answer is always a whole-hearted “sorta.” i’ve read david allen’s productivity bible a few times, and the david is onto something with his methodology. but as far as i’m concerned, full-on gtd is too complicated and slippery for simple-minded civilians like myself. that’s why i’ve whittled gtd down to its barest bones: picked away the jargon, acronyms, and extras and installed one single habit into my work life that’s made all the difference. in short, i can describe my gtd system in eight words.	gtd getting_things_done productivity
you already know that if you want to lock down your wi-fi network, you should opt for wpa encryption because wep is easy to crack. but did you know how easy? take a look. 	wi-fi wep
tech site ars technica runs down the basics of securing your home wireless network with the most secure and up-to-date methods. the main takeaway is that when you enable encryption on your wireless router, use wpa encryption instead of wep, because it&#39;s better and stronger.	
by gina trapani	
your wi-fi network is your conveniently wireless gateway to the internet, and since you&#39;re not keen on sharing your connection with any old hooligan who happens to be walking past your home, you secure your network with a password, right? knowing, as you might, how easy it is to crack a wep password, you probably secure your network using the more bulletproof wpa security protocol.	wpa wi-fi
you&#39;ve supercharged your router with dd-wrt, you&#39;re using it to monitor your bandwidth use, and yet you still wish it could do more. well it can; today we&#39;re looking at how to connect to and use your router with an external usb drive.	dd-wrt
ad blocking extensions are great for individual browsers but leave out other devices and applications. set up a router-level filter to block ads for every device on your home network.	ad_blocking router
you likely have all sorts of things in your home right now that would serve you well in an emergency, with a few additions and some organization, you&#39;ll have a functional kit and contingency plan. 	home
learning to pick locks is a fun exercise in learning about locking mechanisms, honing a useful skill, and getting a better understanding of how locks work and protect—or fail to protect—you and your stuff.	locks
if you&#39;re upgrading to a faster, stronger wireless router, don&#39;t chuck your older wi-fi box. with the magic of dd-wrt, you can turn your older wireless router into a range-expanding wi-fi repeater to cover everywhere you need a connection.	router wi-fi wireless wireless_router repeater dd-wrt
 sometimes coffee tables hold coffee, but most of the time they just sit there and look like a required piece of furniture in a room.  instead of letting them waste away, supercharge yours with a retro arcade, gadget charging ports, and more.	
if you’ve been playing video games for any amount of time, odds are pretty high you have at least one console in your entertainment center doing nothing, and that sucks. don’t let your old friend sit there and collect a gross film of dust and grime, give it a new life—or find someone who will. here’s how.	video_games
a few simple guidelines for when to turn and what to use for reference points when parking may be all you need to perfect your parking abilities. this infographic illustrates exactly how to parallel park and pull in quickly (backwards or forwards) into a parking lot spot.	parking
we’ve all got a bottle of olive oil in the pantry—it’s one of the most versatile ingredients in a cook’s arsenal, good for everything from dressings, to dipping, to cooking. but there are a few factors to consider when selecting the ideal bottle for your specific kitchen needs. as you stare down the zillion olive oil options at the grocery store, here are a few things to look for on the label.	olive_oil
ever put down an airpod for a very brief moment only to suddenly forget where you’ve placed it? my kind and wonderful editor, alice, has had this happen recently, as have i. (turns out, her airpod found its way into the trash.) 
	
among a slew of announcements about a new credit card, a subscription service, and something to do with oprah, apple has finally launched the second coming of the airpods.
	apple airpods airpod
at its latest keynote today, apple announced four new services to help it push deeper into the wide worlds of news, entertainment, and... banking? as predicted by analysts and reporters, apple announced a paid magazine subscription platform and a netflix-like streaming service. it also announced an xbox game pass-style subscription for games and—this one’s a real doozy—its own credit card.	apple streaming
if you replaced your iphone battery with a third-party alternative and need your device repaired, you’re in luck: apple will now service iphones with third-party batteries, macrumors reports.
	iphone battery
got an iphone 6 or 6s? chances are you’re dealing with a slightly slower smartphone thanks to apple’s reveal that it was slowing down ios devices affected by degraded batteries. the company has since announced it will offer battery replacements for iphone 6 and later devices. but whether or not you’re a victim of some power management snafu, you should replace your battery anyway.	iphone
now that apple’s admitted to slowing down iphones with degraded batteries, you’re probably interested in figuring out whether your battery is losing its ability to hold a charge (and whether you should replace it). there are a few ways to do this, either with an app or by waiting a few weeks, when apple says it will provide customers with more information about their batteries. still curious in the interim? here’s what to do.
	iphone batteries
one of apple’s big new features for the iphone x (and the iphone 8 and 8 plus) is wireless charging, but if you care more about speed than convenience, there’s another perk you should know about. the company’s newest smartphones all support fast charging, too. apple claims you can get from 0 to 50% charge in 30 minutes—just not with the charger that comes in the box.
	iphone_x iphone apple
the iphone x is a big departure from apple’s usual smartphone design, swapping out the iconic home button for a full-screen display and a face-scanning front camera. as a result, apple had to change a lot of the gestures used to control the device.
	iphone_x iphone apple
the iphone x, apple’s thousand-dollar smartphone, drops friday, november 3. if you’re waiting for the right time to buy, this week is it. apple just revealed how to get your hands on the phone in the first round of sales (or at least try). depending on your preferred method of acquisition, the face-scanning, notch-having ios device could be yours without you having to heft your body to an actual apple retail store.	iphone_x iphone apple
apple is quickly moving away from the classic iphone home button we all know and love. last year’s iphone 7 replaced the physical button with a touchpad and haptic feedback, and the upcoming iphone x removes it entirely in favor of a futuristic face-scanning camera.
	apple
  your iphone&#39;s home button has a whole bunch of uses that vary depending on your location and how many times you press it in succession. here&#39;s a look at (practically) all of them.	iphone
your device’s ip address is a critical piece of information that you probably don’t think about very much. you’ll occasionally need it for some network-related setups (if you’re trying to punch a hole in your network to access the contents of your nas box, run a web server, or connect to your home-grown vpn, to name a few examples), so it’s important to understand how to find it. also, you have two. sort of.	ip_address
though more router manufacturers are making routers easier to set up and configure—even via handy little apps instead of annoying web-based interfaces—most people probably don’t tweak many options after purchasing a new router. they log in, change the name and passwords for their wifi networks, and call it a day.	wifi router
how do you create a strong password? easy: you mash your keyboard for a few seconds until you have a 50-character hunk of gibberish, then you copy and paste that into a password manager so you don’t have to actually remember what it is.	
you know those corny movie scenes, where someone hacks their boss or girlfriend or enemy’s password by looking around the room and making two guesses? in real life, that would work way more often than it should. check out this list of the 25 most-used, and thus most hackable, passwords of 2017.
	passwords
yahoo has confirmed that information from at least 500 million user accounts was stolen in 2014. while the information was leaked earlier today, it’s worse than we initially thought. if you have a yahoo account, it’s time to change your password.
	yahoo
you know you’re supposed to use a password manager. in fact, you’ve been meaning to set one up for a long time, but haven’t taken the plunge yet. even popular ones, like lastpass, seem like a pain to set up. good news: getting started with a password manager is easier than you think.
	lastpass
 it seems like every day there&#39;s news that a new site or service has been hacked. the intruders make off with usernames and passwords, and even if they&#39;re encrypted the service forces users to change them. this week it was dreamhost, and last week it was zappos.	passwords
 click to viewa good password management application makes your life easier and your identity monumentally more secure, and free application keepass—the most popular password manager among lifehacker readers—is the perfect place to start. we&#39;ve already walked you through getting started with keepass, so let&#39;s take a closer look at how to get the most from your password management with a few of the best keepass tricks and plug-ins.
	password_management
by gina trapani	
by gina trapani	
the two places i store my ever-lengthening list of passwords are 1.) a keepass database and 2.) in firefox&#39;s password manager.	keepass firefox passwords
by gina trapani	
windows/mac/linux: the password exporter firefox extension exports and imports your saved web passwords from firefox.	firefox firefox_extension passwords
you can hide people from your facebook news feed, but that won’t stop facebook from showing them elsewhere, constantly recommending that you view photos of your ex and his/her new flame. here’s how to completely hide someone from facebook.	facebook
by gina trapani	
when you stop and think about it, it’s amazing how thoroughly we can examine the inside of the human body with noninvasive techniques. x-rays, mris, and ct scans are essential tools in diagnosing patients, and it takes specialized radiologists to put those imaging techniques to use.	
by wendy boswell	
for years, i kept hearing how awesome evernote was: how it could store everything you possibly needed, make it available everywhere, and how scores of people couldn’t live without it. i tried it multiple times, and never saw the appeal until now. here’s what i was missing. [jump]	evernote
two-factor authentication is one of the most important ways to protect your accounts. however, recently some authentication methods like sms have come under fire for being vulnerable to hackers, which defeats the point of “something you know and something you have.” we decided to look at the most common methods and rank them by how secure they really are.	two-factor_authentication
lock picking sets are incredibly handy to keep around, but nobody wants their pockets stuffed with too much stuff. if you already carry around a multitool, instructables user ksnewells shows off how to add in a lock pick set. 	lock_picking multitool
dear lifehacker,
i&#39;ve heard that i need to enable two-factor authentication on my phone, but it seems risky. what happens if i lose my phone? will i lose my entire account? and if i change phones, how do i move the authenticator to a new device?	two-factor_authentication
“at the ms. foundation for women, we believe in a just and safe world where power and possibility are not limited by gender, race, class, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or age,” says foundation president and ceo teresa younger, quoting the feminist foundation’s statement of vision. we talked to her about her career in philanthropy and government policy, and how she directs the ms. foundation to fulfill its entire vision.	career philanthropy
as co-founder and executive director of the international refugee assistance project, becca heller provides legal assistance to refugees trying to emigrate to the united states. her organization directly fought the trump administration’s travel ban with a federal lawsuit that has saved thousands of people from discriminatory travel restrictions. we talked to heller about her path to founding irap, how she runs it day to day, and her problem with following drawn-out processes.
	law
the sklar brothers, the most famous brother act in comedy today, are known for their work in a wide variety of media: stand-up comedy (including six albums); tv shows like cheap seats and appearances on sportscenter and better call saul; and their podcasts sklarbro country, view from the cheap seats, and dumb people town. we talked to them about how they create an episode, how they write and hone their stand-up, and the live show where they punch up fellow comedians’ jokes.	comedy work comedians podcasts
in their latest issue, national geographic showed readers how smokejumpers fight wildfires in the alaskan forest, with images by photographer mark thiessen. firefighting photos is a specialty for mark; he’s been doing it for 25 years, and shooting for natgeo for 29. we talked to him about his first published news photo, his favorite photography gear, and his hack for sleeping on the road.
	photography national_geographic
this is our first “how i work” with a student—and what a student. ana humphrey was this year’s winner of the regeneron science talent search, the nation’s oldest and most prestigious science and math competition for high school seniors. she was awarded the $250,000 top prize for developing a mathematical model “to find the existence and probable locations of exoplanets missed by the kepler space telescope.” ana is also an environmental activist and the founder and president of the watershed warriors initiative—so when she’s not finding planets outside our solar system, she’s just, you know, saving the earth. this is how she works.	work science
as the creator of radiolab, jad abumrad is not just responsible for one of the most highly regarded radio shows and podcasts, but for a style of sound design that influenced many of today’s most popular audio shows. he’s also the host of radiolab spinoff more perfect, a show about supreme court rulings and amendments to the constitution. we talked to him about his career, the radiolab team, and the hate letters he writes to pro tools.	career podcasts
your to-do list is supposed to help keep you organized, but you still have to do a lot of the grunt work to manage your schedule. todoist wants to make it easier by suggesting the best times to get your tasks done based on your habits.	tasks schedule work
the true crime podcast criminal and the human-interest podcast this is love are two of the most popular podcasts in existence right now, according to apple’s charts. phoebe judge hosts and co-creates both of these independent, highly produced shows. we talked to her about her radio background, how she creates new episodes, and how she preps her studio before a recording.
	podcasts
roxane gay has published five books in the last seven years, all acclaimed, all incisively addressing social issues that define our society, like feminism, race, body image, racial and sexual violence, and the immigrant experience. three—her essay collection bad feminist, her short story collection difficult women, and her memoir hunger—were national bestsellers.
	
mary roach wants to you to be uncomfortable, but intrigued. her books examine the unexpected, curious minutiae of managing the human body and the science of how we deal with our own limitations.	
jane mcgonigal is a game designer—but she isn’t exactly working on the next mario. rather, she brings an academic perspective to gaming and looks at how games can improve our lives and solve real problems.	
john scalzi is a hugo award-winning author of science fiction. he’s also an occasional columnist, a regular (and often hilarious) blogger, an active tweeter, television consultant, and more. and when people mention scalzi’s name, it’s usually followed by “how does he write so much?”	
writer, actor, podcaster, daily show and this american life contributor, husband and parent, stand up comic, personified pc. is there anything john hodgman can&#39;t do? we&#39;ve been dying to know how the mustachioed nerd hero manages it all, so we stole a few minutes from his insane schedule to find out. turns out he&#39;s got more than a few tricks up his sleeve. 	john_hodgman
walter isaacson has made a career as a thorough biographer of exceptional people, like steve jobs, albert einstein, and benjamin franklin. of course, walter is quite exceptional himself, in that writing books isn&#39;t even his day job.	writing
after generations in the shadows and long nights of “still waiting on the guy, what’s up with the guy, should we call the guy again?” anxiety, buying legal cannabis is becoming a way of life in america. recreational weed is now legal for adult use in 10 states and the district of columbia, and medical use is allowed in 33, while even more states have decriminalized possession. the new legal menus at dispensaries can all be a little overwhelming, but in a good way, kind of like looking at the cost of medical care in a european country. so many options! so cheap! it comes in granola form now? what on earth is a “shatter”?	cannabis weed
cannabidiol—popularly known as “cbd”—is nothing short of ubiquitous. not only can you find it in various forms in dispensaries, but in grocery stores, coffee shops, cocktail bars and all sorts of establishments hoping to capitalize on the trend.	cbd
a brief list of things you shouldn’t do while high: drive, online shop, watch any pixar film, venmo a friend, give advice—but what about running or lifting weights? 	
we get it—sometimes, a gym just doesn’t work out. maybe it’s too crowded or the ceilings tiles are falling and landing on your head. it happens! unfortunately, canceling your gym membership is a lot like competing in the hunger games, of which there are no winners, only the wounded.	gym
on tuesday facebook announced libra, a cryptocurrency that it will launch (along with 27 other partners) in 2020. a little like bitcoin and a little like paypal, libra will be a new digital currency, one available to people without bank accounts or credit cards, but that could potentially be a major force for the rest of us, too. but first you have to trust facebook with yet more personal data. here’s what you need to know.
	libra facebook cryptocurrency digital_currency paypal
we’ve already told you how to buy bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. but should you? in the video above, coin talk podcast hosts aaron lammer and jay caspian kang say yes...but they have some caveats. (in further conversation, they compare buying crypto to playing video games or gambling.)	bitcoin
google’s aptly named ai helper, google assistant, is poised to have a great year in 2019. not only will the digital assistant be spreading to numerous devices old and new, but there are a host of new features coming, too, several of which were shown off at ces 2019 last week.
	google_assistant google
if talking out loud to alexa (or your digital assistant of choice) feels unnatural, you’re not alone. i’ve had siri for as long as she’s been alive, yet i can count on one hand the number of times i’ve spoken to her. it’s always seemed easier to open an app on my iphone or type in a google query and get exactly what i’m looking for, rather than navigating a line of verbal questioning that eventually leads to my desired answer—or not.
	alexa siri
when it comes to hamburgers and hot dogs, most of us have a good idea of the right way to grill them up. and even if you don’t, as long as you pay attention to what you’re doing it’s pretty hard to screw them up entirely.
	
do you really know how to cut broccoli? how about a kiwi?
	
your amazon echo device is already pretty customizable in terms of what skills you add to it. what you may not realize is if you don’t find a skill out there that’s quite what you’re looking for, you can actually make your own using alexa’s skill blueprints.
	alexa amazon
last week a story circulated the web about alexa recording the personal conversation of a woman and then sending it to a friend of hers. while that was certainly a unique predicament, it can be good to periodically look at what your own alexa has picked up.
	alexa
the internet was abuzz yesterday following a report that a portland, oregon family’s amazon echo allegedly recorded a “private conversation” and sent it to a “random stranger.” that sounds a lot more sinister than what actually happened and, thankfully, there’s a trick you can do to ensure this doesn’t happen to you. 	amazon echo
amazon’s digital assistant is chatty, and we don’t blame you if you’re tired of hearing a hal 9000-like “ok” every time you ask her to do something on your behalf. thankfully, alexa’s caretaker is currently testing a new “brief mode” that allows your echo devices to respond with softer beeps instead of larger acknowledgements. here’s how to set it up—if you have access to it.	alexa echo amazon how_to
for those of us who don’t have an amazon smart speaker, visits home for the holidays bring with them a new family member, always being shouted at. alexa! alexa! skip song! but for anyone living with amazon’s or google’s smart home device, day in and day out, you eventually start to wonder: how much is it listening? is it sending my every word to big tech company hq?	amazon google
the future you’ve been waiting for has arrived. amazon has added a new accepted wake word to activate your personal voice assistant: computer. i don’t need to explain how cool this is to star trek nerds.	amazon star_trek
this week, google released google home, a voice-controlled smart appliance, to compete with the surprisingly popular amazon echo. both devices can play music, control your lights, and answer questions with nothing but your voice, but we wanted to see how google’s new device stacked up against the established competition.	google_home amazon_echo
even if your conversational partner can’t hear you laughing or see you smiling, it’s important to express your appreciation of a joke or a funny story. the many popular options can be boiled down into two types: the hahaha of simulated laughter, and the lol of metaphorical laughter.
	laughter
sometimes you laugh because something is genuinely funny; sometimes you just do it to be polite. but fake laughter is very different in tone from real laughter, and most of the time, people can tell the difference.	laughter laugh
if you have any international travel planned, you’re going to want to check the expiration date on your passport right away. of course, you know better than to try and cross borders with an expired passport, but many countries require a six month buffer on your passport’s expiration date.	travel
you passport may be valid, but you still may not be able to board your flight to another country.  the u.s. department of state recommends your passport have at least six months of validity—beyond your actual travel date—to avoid expensive and lengthy travel disruptions.	travel
waiting in line for u.s. customs when you return stateside from an international flight can be excruciating. there’s a good reason people shell out for programs like tsa precheck and global entry in an effort to speed up the process.	global_entry customs
on a recent trip to mexico, just as i was about to check out of my hotel and head to the airport, i realized that i had about 1,000 extra pesos in cash.	
before my recent visit to japan, i did the same obsessive research i always do before things like doctor visits or job interviews. unfortunately, this usually means i walk into every doctor visit and job interview convinced i have a disease that affects one percent of the population.	japan
new york is actually a great city to wander in—it’s pretty safe, pedestrian friendly, and laced with public parks and waterfronts. but when lifehacker sent a team to tokyo to find the local hacks, damn was i jealous of the city planning. there are lots of touches that make tokyo easy to navigate and pleasant to wander.
	tokyo
we still don’t know what got us sick in tokyo. but when four lifehacker staffers traveled there together this month, three of us caught different bugs at different points. for me, that meant an upset stomach and diarrhea that sent me to bed at 6 every night and made fine dining impossible. i had great luck with tokyo’s plentiful public bathrooms. much worse luck when i tried to buy stomach medicine.	travel medicine stomach diarrhea tokyo
you have a splitting headache, but the only medicine you have expired six months ago. should you take it or toss it out? the jury’s still out, but a recent propublica investigation found that most medicines still work beyond their marked expiration dates, though it stopped short of recommending that consumers go ahead and take expired drugs. a few drugs they tested did actually expire, but most expired 5.5 years past the listed date—some even worked up to 20 years after the date.	medicine drugs expiration_dates
some medications can be taken after their expiration date, or even held on to after the prescription period is over. however, leftover medicine can also pose a risk for misuse and accidental overdose, so it’s a good idea to know how to dispose of them properly if need be.	medicine medication
according to the wall street journal, justice department special counsel robert mueller convened a grand jury for russia’s meddling in the 2016 presidential election. this jury would let mueller seek subpoenas—forcing people to testify in court and to produce documents for the investigation.	russia
you will never accomplish everything you want. it’s a hard truth to deal with, but if you don’t, you’ll waste your life on unrealistic, unnecessary projects: renovating your entire home, writing a novel, repealing and replacing obamacare. sometimes it’s time to give up, like mitch mcconnell did last night after two more senators dropped support for the bill that would repeal the affordable care act.
	affordable_care_act mitch_mcconnell
you&#39;re thinking of jumping ship. maybe it&#39;s your job, a relationship, a degree, or some other commitment that&#39;s both so hard to keep doing and so hard to leave. should you stay or should you go? here&#39;s how to decide. 	job how_to
often times, we have mixed feelings about our jobs and a hard time figuring out whether to stay or look for a different position. if you want to do some soul-searching, ask yourself the 10 questions on this career cheat sheet. 	career jobs cheat_sheet
whether you&#39;re moving on to a greater opportunity or leaving because you&#39;re totally fed up, the time will come when you have to quit your job. it can be stressful and scary, so preparation is key. here, entrepreneur akhil gupta shares his tips on leaving the right way, from the employer&#39;s point of view.	
there&#39;s bound to be something going on in your life right now that&#39;s worth quitting, and the commonly recited maxim that &quot;quitters never win and winners never quit&quot; notwithstanding, sometimes quitting really is the best option. freakonomics co-author stephen dubner discusses the upside of quitting on his bi-weekly freakonomics radio podcast (available for free in itunes). 	quitting
 some days it&#39;s difficult to summon the motivation to do anything, much less tackle the big projects and major to-dos on your list. to boot, every trick or hack you try to get motivated backfires and feels like you&#39;re patronizing yourself. on those days, 99u says, it&#39;s just best to give up, walk away, and come back later when you&#39;re ready. 	motivation to-dos motivated
when someone is rude to you or says something really stupid, sometimes you need more than a gif or a facial expression to tell them off. send them a song by rapper and comedian jean grae, from her albums that’s not how you do that and that’s not how you do that either. both are full of short, funny, petty songs about the annoying things people do. while the first is only available on bandcamp, the second is also available in convenient youtube form, which you can copy-paste into a chat or a comment thread:
	
anyone who has ever seen a movie montage knows the importance of a motivating soundtrack.  we may not have a professional editor to splice together footage of us training for a boxing match or studying for the bar exam, but we can pick our own music to help with our productivity.	music productivity.
music can make work fly by faster and maybe even boost your productivity—but that all depends on the type of music you listen to. the folks at productivity music service focus@will advise us not to listen to music we love, but rather a genre we don&#39;t typically listen to. 	productivity music focus
we asked what music you liked to listen to when you’re getting work done and you delivered. here are six awesome productivity playlists hand picked by lifehacker readers.	productivity music playlists
i’m writing for advice on how to deal with overbearing coworkers. 	work coworkers
maybe your boss is a jerk. maybe the team you manage has weird internal conflicts. maybe you’re on the fence about your next career move. maybe your cubicle neighbor is driving you bananas. 	career
want to be the most popular person at your next family gathering? be the person who can explain the difference between “second cousins, once removed” and “third cousins, twice removed” and your relatives will look on you like you’re a genius, an oracle, an armchair genealogist to whom they’re proud to be bound by blood. here’s how to figure out how closely  related you are to all your cousins. 	family cousins
today in the upside down, president trump declared a national emergency in an effort to fund the u.s.-mexico border. in doing so, he’ll effectively bypass congress and gain access to billions of dollars, among  other capacities, which include the ability to declare curfews and even limit our actual movements (yep). it’s a scary amount of power for any president to have, but what exactly does this declaration, well, declare? here’s what you need to know:
	trump national_emergency mexico
a few years ago i stopped drinking beer i really liked because i discovered that its owners were making huge donations to a political candidate that went against pretty much everything i believe in.
	political
most of the steelers sat out the national anthem on sunday, after president trump expressed an opinion on what players should do during the anthem. steelers coach mike tomlin said, “we’re not going to play politics.” that is, however, impossible.
	politics opinion
it&#39;d be wonderful if you could just say to children, &quot;people might look different and come from different places, but we&#39;re all equal and should be treated the same&quot; and leave it at that. but if recent news has taught us anything, it&#39;s that reality is not so simple, and we need to face the topics of race and racism head on.	race racism
discrimination in the workplace, whether it’s over race, ethnicity, gender, disability, sexuality, age, or religion, is no joke, and dealing with it isn’t as easy as just “calling a lawyer.” here are a few things you should know before you go the legal route.
	work discrimination law legal race sex gender religion
sometimes it’s hot when your partner shares a particular fantasy or desire, but other times, your partner might tell you about a certain fantasy that you’re just not into. maybe monogamy is important to you, and you can’t get on board with the idea of a threesome.  maybe you’re a sexual abuse survivor, and wouldn’t feel safe playing with restraints. or maybe you’re just not turned on by the idea of roleplaying. this can be a tricky situation to navigate. should you participate in a sexual activity that doesn’t interest you? should your partner have to forego their fantasy because you’re not into it? here are five ways to approach the situation if your partner has a fantasy that doesn’t interest you.
	sex
between demanding jobs, financial stresses, kids, and busy schedules, it can be hard to find the time and energy to maintain an active and satisfying sex life. this challenge is made even worse by the fact that most couples believe that great sex should “just happen.” in other words: you shouldn’t have to put any effort into your sex life; the desire, time, space, and passion for sex should just spontaneously appear at the perfect intervals. 	sex
 you know your sex life isn’t great. you’ve had bad fights with your partner about the subpar state of your sex life. you’ve read magazines and articles online telling you to “have more sex” and “spice things up.” and yet, you just can’t bring yourself to make any changes. read on to learn how you can finally find your motivation. 	sex
breasts can be pleasurable to play with, for both the giver and the recipient alike. some women can even have orgasms from breast play alone. others need breast play in combination with clitoral or vaginal stimulation. 	breasts
is there a place in relationships for masturbation? the easy answer is “yes!” it’s your body, you should be able to do whatever the hell you want with it. but like anything else in life, masturbation has some complexities that can affect your relationship. here’s how to have a healthy relationship with your partner and your hand.
	masturbation relationships
most of us don&#39;t like to see ourselves in photographs because we don&#39;t like to see our imperfections. here are a few tricks anyone can implement to look better when the shutter clicks.	
everyone loves group photos, but getting one where  everyone looks natural when they know they’re on camera isn’t easy. the key is to look as relaxed as possible, even if you’re the one taking the shot and encouraging your subjects to pose. here’s what we mean. 	photos
giving gifts that make a loved one’s face light up is always a great feeling, but when traveling during the holiday season, it can be tough to pack presents that won’t break, add too much weight to your luggage, or be too bulky. have you successfully traveled with gifts? which ones worked well?
	gifts presents
if you&#39;re looking for something original to give someone as a gift, consider giving them a subscription to something, preferably something they&#39;re interested in, would like to experiment with, or may not even ordinarily buy for themselves. you give the person a way to explore something they like without the risk of spending money on something they don&#39;t. let&#39;s put together a list of gift ideas you can turn to when it&#39;s time to go shopping. 	gift_ideas
if you’re traveling with gifts, you might want to skip wrapping them. as the tsa points out, wrapped gifts are fine, but they may need to be unwrapped in some cases.	travel tsa
even in the midst of outing sexual harassers and creeps in hollywood, politics, and media, the internet is still great at publicly shaming people for things like stolen tweets, clumsy phrasing, or being bad at video games. so you might know someone who’s been drummed off the internet for no good reason, or for a good reason that they need to learn from. okay, let’s admit it, that friend is you. here’s some stuff to help you lick your wounds.	
not everyone wants some boring prepackaged gift. some people like to make their own things. for those diyers, the best gift you can give is the gift of more tools for making morre things. here are some suggestions to keep the do-it-yourselfer in your life happy.	diy tools
everybody loves a good book, and while fiction can teach you a lot about life, sometimes the most life-altering books offer straight-up life advice. here are some some great books for the people on your list.	books
exercise routines don’t have to be thrilling; ask anyone who slogs through a 6am workout every day. but even if someone is happy with a dull routine, that doesn’t mean they’ll derive joy from unwrapping a sparkly gift box that contains (yawn) another pair of weights. so try these gifts instead.	gifts workout exercise thrilling
we like a lot of gadgets that, like you in high school, don’t fit into neatly organized categories that the man tries to put them in. that’s why we have this special guide for all the awesome gadgets and other stuff we liked throughout the year.
	stuff_we_like gadgets
power strip are large, awkward, and difficult if you need to use your gadgets while you charge them. the powercube ditches the bulk, and gives you plenty of outlets in a compact package, making it easy to plug in your devices while you use them around the house. here’s why i love it, and why i think you will, too.	power gadgets
update: we asked our readers this same question in 2017, so click here to see the updated results. 	
if you&#39;re looking to monitor your energy usage in order to cut down on power costs, the belkin conserve insight energy-use monitor is a simple way to find out the impact of your various devices. it&#39;s pretty cheap, plugs into any grounded outlet, and can calculate the annual cost impact of anything you plug into it. 	power energy
 when you finally decide it&#39;s time to do something about that rat&#39;s nest of cables that&#39;s spreading like kudzu, you don&#39;t have to spend a lot of time and money to get it under control. whether you&#39;re looking to stow your headphone wires tangle-free in your gym bag, hide the ugly wire spaghetti you keep kicking further under your desk, or organize your gadget chargers and power plugs, we&#39;ve got some cord management tricks for you. hit the jump for photos and videos of our top 10 favorite ways to get cables under control.	cables cord_management top
there are 12 outlets on that power strip under your desk, and you hate playing the &quot;pull the plug and see what gadget cuts off&quot; game to identify what&#39;s what. stick one of these id pilot wire identification labels on each plug instead.	
ever since adam posted his (sort of) cordless workspace, i planned to get my own rat&#39;s nest of dusty, under-the-desk wires in check. once i snagged myself one of those swanky cord trays adam recommended, i found i had too many plugs and wires than i could get off the ground in the tray alone.	desk workspace
if there&#39;s one thing we noticed in the course of our recent coolest workspace contest, it&#39;s that clutter is a cool workspace&#39;s greatest nemesis. and when it comes to clutter, there&#39;s nothing worse than a big, nappy tangle of cords ugly-in&#39; up your work area.	
if that mile long headphone cable&#39;s getting tangled up in your ankles, make your own rubber cable &quot;bone&quot; wrapper with some mat and a pair of scissors.	
the aptly named button maker lets you whip together custom web buttons, the kind you usually see for rss feeds and the like.	buttons
project gutenberg, a volunteer organization which digitizes books in the public domain, need your help proofreading scanned text.	project_gutenberg
yourself fitness, an alternative to shoot &#39;em up xbox and ps2 games, is a diet and fitness program that acts as your &quot;virtual personal trainer.&quot;	fitness games xbox
discover magazine cites a study where two groups of people took iq tests: one that was under the influence of marijuana and the other that was interrupted by email messages - and the potheads performed better.	email
phixr is an online photo editor that offers a wealth of image-tweaking tools and loads of options for distributing the finished product.	
edit your images online with picnik, a shiny new flash-based image editor.	images




while there&#39;s something to be said for multitasking, a serial workflow—completing one task after another in order of priority—can be much more conducive to getting your work done. splitting your attention between several tasks at once can slow you down compared to knocking off one focused task after another on an ordered list. today i&#39;m going to show you how to create a serial workflow platform with just a few simple tools that you probably already use: plain text, a couple handy extensions, and browser tabs.	plain_text workflow
firefox extension foxmarks syncs your bookmarks over multiple computers.	bookmarks firefox
by adam pash	
last month i bubbled over with enthusiasm on about using google sync to keep your bookmarks the same across computers running firefox. (&quot;look!! it&#39;s synced bookmarks!!!&quot; - gina, 11 months later.) happily all y&#39;all schooled me in the comments on where it&#39;s at: previously-mentioned foxmarks is way better than google sync if you&#39;re just using it for bookmarks.	firefox bookmarks google
dear lifehacker,	
by adam pash	
the openbook firefox extension lets you tweak the default add bookmark dialog, giving you more control over the specifics of your bookmarks.	bookmarks firefox firefox_extension



 if you&#39;ve been following the the lifehacker home server series of articles, you know how to do things like reach your home computer from anywhere in the world thanks to dynamic dns services. gina wrote about how to set up a personal home web server, but in my experience the killer home server feature that hasn&#39;t been covered to date is how to set up a personal ftp server at home.	home_server ftp feature
by gina trapani	
de-pixelize your images with vectormagic

&quot;web site vectormagic turns virtually any image into vector art that can be resized as much as you want without any nasty pixelation—perfect for creating your scanned signature, for example.&quot;	




mac os 10.5 only: with vnc built right into leopard, you can remote control your mac from any other mac via ichat or the screen sharing client—or any pc using the right vnc client. apple doesn&#39;t advertise this, but since screen sharing is just regular old vnc (albeit with a much more grokable name), our favorite windows vnc client, tightvnc, works with it just dandy—with one small catch.	leopard remote_control vnc ichat


leopard&#39;s new and improved ichat boasts two features that are sure to enhance both workplace productivity and friends and family tech support: screen sharing and document sharing. in a nutshell, ichat now makes it dead simple to review documents with one or multiple chat partners in what it calls ichat theater (pictured) or share screens—either your screen or the screen of the person you&#39;re chatting with—vnc-style. that means that not only can you see what&#39;s going on with the other person&#39;s screen; you can also control it.	leopard ichat




mac os x only: if you run any kind of server on your mac with leopard, you&#39;ll dig its revamped sharing and network system preferences panels, which offer new features in a reorganized interface. one huge drawback in tiger is that unless you install extra software, you can turn on windows sharing for your home folder only. no more. using leopard, share any folder on your mac via ftp, samba, or afp (apple filing protocol), from a single, easy interface. take a closer look after the jump.	leopard mac_os_x




click to viewso you&#39;ve turned your classic xbox into a full-blown media center (or you&#39;re thinking about it) and now you want to add the finishing touches—like games, album art and streaming video—to your setup. the xbox media center software has a bunch of configurable options, scripts and hooks into online services that can complete your xbmc experience. after the jump, find out how to upgrade to the latest version of xbmc, fill in the details like cover art, plot and reviews on your music and video files, stream video from cnn and comedy central, play tetris and more with your xbmc.	games media_center streaming xbmc xbox xbox_media_center




click to viewdon&#39;t ditch your classic xbox just because you can&#39;t play halo 3 on it: nowadays it&#39;s easier than ever to transform that old neglected console into a unix-based media command center. while early xbox hackers had to pry open the black box to solder on a modchip, today a software exploit lets you replace microsoft&#39;s crippled dashboard and run the incredible, open source xbox media center (xbmc) software. you don&#39;t have to be a hardcore gamer or unix hacker to get your xbmc on. on tuesday adam showed you how to reach media nirvana with windows media center and the xbox 360, but today we&#39;re kickin&#39; it old school with a classic xbox softmod.	media_center open_source windows xbox




click to viewif you&#39;ve purchased a new windows computer in the past few years that&#39;s running windows media center edition or vista home premium or ultimate and you aren&#39;t taking advantage of its baked-in dvr media center software, it&#39;s time we change that. why? because after installing a $70 capture card in your computer and a bit of freeware third-party software, you&#39;ve got all the tools you need to record television shows on your pc&#39;s built-in media center, extend that media center to your xbox 360, schedule recordings and stream tv over the internet.	dvr media_center tv television windows windows_media windows_media_center xbox vista
by adam pash	




click to viewwhen it comes to recording your favorite shows, you made the smart move and decided to roll your own dvr with sagetv instead of buying tivo or paying recurring monthly fees to rent a dvr from your cable provider. besides automatically pushing your recordings onto your ipod, you can put other dvrs to shame by adding a web interface to sagetv. with sagetv&#39;s web ui you can schedule and manage recordings, set your favorites, access your recordings and even stream live tv over the web. let&#39;s get to it!
	dvr tivo
by adam pash	
windows only: freeware application ipodifier monitors user-defined folders for videos, automatically transcodes them to an ipod-compatible format, adds them to itunes, and then syncs them with your ipod.	video ipod itunes
by rick broida	
by rick broida	
tech help site pain the tech schools readers on how to back up a dvd on a pc.	dvd how_to
by adam pash	
welcome to our latest ultranewb post, which covers the very basics of a topic in an effort to help our less-experienced readers enjoy the wonderful world of techno-goodness.	ultranewb
every post carrying our ultranewb tag covers the very basics of a topic, in an attempt to initiate our less experienced readers (i.e., the newbs) into the wonderful world of techno-goodness. these are the posts you can email to your friends or parents to explain the really simple things. if you&#39;re thinking: &quot;i&#39;ve known how to do this for *years*,&quot; that&#39;s even better! share your experience with the ultranewbs out there and/or advance the subject, and make this post an even better resource for our newbs!	top ultranewb
get your favorite site feeds via feedcrier, a service that delivers updates to your instant messenger client. no download is required; just type in the username for aim, msn, jabber, or google talk, along with the website you&#39;re interested in getting updates from, and you&#39;re done. this would be a good way to get the latest news updates delivered to you almost in real time. feedcrier is a similar service to web app immedi.at; both are excellent tools for keeping a very close watch on a particular feed.
	feeds instant_messenger
web app immedi.at tracks a user-defined rss feed, pinging you via im whenever your monitored feed changes.	rss
the videora converter handles video conversion for your favorite hard-to-please device like the 5g ipod, psp, tivo, or xbox360.	psp tivo video xbox ipod
divx digest has a tutorial for converting .avi movie files to ipod-compatible video using free windows software 3gp converter.	ipod video windows
windows only: convert nearly any video format to nearly any other video format with the aptly named any video converter.	video
by gina trapani	




if you&#39;re constantly nagged by writer&#39;s block or struggle to find the motivation to start your work, the lifeclever weblog has a tip to help you get started.	work
productivity and lifestyle blogger, scott young, drastically boosts his productivity by scheduling &quot;project-kill days.&quot; the night before a project-kill day scott makes sure to create a fixed to-do list, blocks off as much of the day as possible, and chooses an isolated location. the following morning scott gets up early and begins working long and hard on his biggest rocks. the caveat to the project-kill day is that scott creates a false sense of urgency to help stay motivated. this means no distractions and absolutely no mid-task breaks.	productivity project
by rick broida	




mac os x only: share more than just your user folder on your mac using the sharepoints preference pane. you already know how to access your mac&#39;s files from your pc, but os x&#39;s default windows sharing only shares the user folder. to share other folders, grab sharepoints, which offers a graphical interface for configuring samba (windows sharing) as well as advanced afs (applefileserver) properties. sharepoints is a free download for mac only, donations requested.
	mac_os_x samba windows
you&#39;ve got both macs and pc&#39;s on your home network, and you want to share files between them. yesterday we ran down the steps for mounting a windows shared folder on the mac. today the tides have turned.	home_network network windows
so you&#39;ve made the switch to mac, but kept your old pc, and now you&#39;ve got both connected to your home router. how do you access your windows files from os x?	windows
by gina trapani	
by gina trapani	
mac os x only: following up on my earlier feature article on hamachi virtual private networking, hamachix is a gui point and click client for mac.	hamachi mac_os_x
by gina trapani	
by gina trapani	
mac os x only: freeware application jiggler keeps your mac from going to sleep at inopportune times.	mac mac_os_x sleep




you&#39;re working on a document on the laptop in the living room and you want to print—except the printer&#39;s in the home office. sharing a printer connected to a pc on your home network and printing to it from any other computer, even over a wireless connection, is a breeze. whether you want to print from a mac or another pc, here&#39;s how to share a single printer for use by any computer on your home network.	home_network top




so you&#39;re in a hotel room with your mac laptop and your roommate&#39;s got a pc and there&#39;s one ethernet jack. what do you do? you plug in your mac and get to sharing the internet love, that&#39;s what you do! in system preferences, go to sharing and on the internet tab, click the source (ethernet) and the way the other computer will connect (most likely wi-fi). then click the checkbox next to &quot;internet sharing&quot; in the left-hand column to get started.	
by gina trapani	




windows/mac/linux: mozilla&#39;s new stripped-down browser webrunner offers distraction-free access to specific web applications (like gmail), and integrates them into the desktop with an easy launch shortcut:
	distraction mozilla top
windows only: free utility imgburn writes any disk image to a cd or dvd quickly and easily.	burn windows
by adam pash	
bittorrent has been around for long enough that most people are aware of what a terrific tool it is for the tv lover. as clients like azureus and	bittorrent azureus tv
following in the footsteps of fauxto and pxn8, wiredness lets you perform simple photo-editing tasks using nothing more than your browser.	




collaborative diy web site instructables aims to make your earbuds tangle-free with a step-by-step guide for rolling your own cord wrapper. the project requires an old or junkmail credit card, a pair of scissors, and under 5 minutes of your time. we&#39;ve suggested several methods of headphone wrapping in the past, but if you&#39;re still not happy with the results, this diy wrapper looks like an easy solution.
	diy
ever since the days of the walkman, our headphones have been a staple of our backpacks. here our our top 10 hacks for increasing their sound quality, making them more comfortable, and carrying them around hassle-free. 	headphones top
tech-loving web site tested breaks down the two basic headphone types—closed and open—and offers tips on choosing the type that best fits your needs.	
click to viewyou can head down to your local stereo store and get fleeced for about $150 (or more) to buy a good pair of noise reduction headphones; or you can watch this video demonstration from metacafe on how to hack your very own noise reducing headphone set for around $20. you can find the headphones that the video talks about at any home improvement store—all together, this simple diy project takes about five minutes (not counting your visit to the store). definitely worth a try, especially since these things are so dang expensive.
	headphones noise video video_demonstration
rather than learn fancy wraps or buy specialty holders to manage headphone tangles, why not sheath your standard earbuds in paracord, that durable, hard-to-twist wonder material? one crafty instructables writer shows us how.	paracord
headphones have a magic way of tangling themselves in inexplicably complicated knots. many techniques for keeping headphones tangle-free work but they badly kink and over tighten them in the process. use an over-under wrap for easy and cord-friendly storage.	headphones
if you find yourself on the occasional jog wishing your earbuds fastened a little more securely to your ears, reader yasmeen writes in with her clever solution for making your own quick-and-dirty ear-looping headphones.	headphones earbuds
 at this point, we&#39;ve all found our favorite headphone-wrapping method, and even if yours works, i can promise you it&#39;s not as clever or inventive as diyer papydom&#39;s earbud zipper case.	diy
 wrapping up your earbuds always ends up being an ordeal: they come undone in your bag, they get tangled, and are just a big pain in the butt. wouldn&#39;t it be nice if tangled headphones were a thing of the past? here&#39;s a look at a few ways to wrap up your headphones without the frustration. 	headphones
  if you carry headphones with you everywhere you go but can&#39;t seem to find a tangle-free wrapping method that works for you, look no further than the duct tape of office supplies, the binder clip. 	headphones
if you&#39;ve ever used a cord in your life, you know they&#39;re prone to tangles. headphones—especially earbuds—are some of the worst. clever diyer ada(: posted a crafty solution: wrap your headphone cables like they&#39;re a friendship bracelet and they&#39;ll become tangle-free. 	diy headphones cables
we&#39;ve shared many headphone wrapping techniques over the years, but our favorite is still the devil horns method for keeping them tangle-free. over at mac-centric weblog mac|life, they&#39;re using this for all their cables—and it works pretty well.	cables
with all the things we plug into our computers, walls, and other outlets, you&#39;re bound to get a few cables flailing about your desk and tangling themselves up. these cheap, sturdy cable shorteners will keep your cables organized in style. 	cables
build. hack. play. it's just what we do.	
 we&#39;ve shown you all sorts of ways to wrangle your cables in the past, but often you need to wrap and unwrap them when on the go.  these six methods will help you keep all your cords contained quickly in most any situation.	cables
there are a ton of gadgets in my household which require constant recharging - phones, mp3 players, cameras, and even a hand vac and a drill battery. back in october i mentioned creating a recharging station in your usable home; one way is to mod an existing piece of furniture to run the needed wires and hide the devices.	household battery gadgets
organized gadget owner van mardian cleared his desktop by mounting all his peripherals - external hard drives, usb hubs, network router - under his desk with pegboard and wire.	desk desktop top
if the front of your entertainment system looks sharp but the back is a mess of cables, wires, and ports that are all full, you&#39;re not alone. whether you&#39;re just interested in cleaning it all up so it&#39;s easier to move around back there, or you want to hook up something new (maybe a new game console, perhaps?) but don&#39;t have the space, here are some ways to get things organized so you know what you have and can make room for more.	entertainment cables
osprey’s farpoint 55 backpack is really two bags in one. you get a large compartment to keep clothes and shoes in, plus a removable daypack that lightens your load once you set up base somewhere. plus, the whole thing is small enough to count as a single carry-on bag.
	backpack
i’m a backpack addict, and trust me: the wrong backpack means you’re stuck with an uncomfortable, awkward bag, all day. a few simple choices will make sure you choose the best in comfort, style, and convenience. i’ve found some common ground through my many, many backpacks that can help you choose yours.	backpacks
different types of vacations require different gear, and one of the biggest choices most of us make as we head off to the airport is the choice between packing everything into a backpack or a suitcase. they each have their strengths and weaknesses and are better suited for certain situations.
	
if you’ve enjoyed lifehacker’s featured bag posts, you’ll be seeing a little more variety in the future. you’ll continue to see great backpacks, bags, and briefcases filled with the gadgets, cameras, notebooks, and other cultural ephemera that help define us every day. instead of pulling them from just flickr (because, let’s be honest, we know that’s not gonna end well), we’ll be sharing your featured bag photos from social media as well.	featured_bag
when traveling, the best camera can often be the one you happen to have with you, but there are also situations where you’ll want something more than an iphone to capture high-quality photos. self-taught photographer and flickr user ajs pimentel totes his traveling camera crew so he always has the gear to catch the perfect shot, whether it’s a picturesque landscape or some down and dirty street photography. 	travel photography
this question is part of the ask lifehacker advice column, where lifehacker staff answers readers’ burning questions with practical tips. after all, some of the best hacks are borne from the most annoying problems. 	ask_lifehacker advice
there are so many good podcasts out there (including lifehacker’s the upgrade), but there’s only so much time in a day. the wall street journal reported on “podcasts nuts” who make time for podcasts by speeding them up with apps like overcast. like, up to 5x speed. sure, that saves time, but it also probably spikes your blood pressure and makes listening to podcasts super stressful. so what’s the best speed to listen to podcasts in without sacrificing your health or ruining the podcast?	podcasts overcast listening
it’s ok to skip episodes—or entire seasons—of a prestige tv show, says new york times tv critic james poniewozik, a stance that lifehacker boldly took in may. he cites fellow critic alan sepinwall, who’s sick of the “it gets good phenomenon” that plagues peak tv. even critics, who get paid to watch tv, don’t want to slog through bad episodes of good shows. why should you?
	tv
if you unfollow someone on twitter right now, twitter might send them a notification. thanks to the bug, which has been active for over a week now, user x might get a “y followed you” notification when y actually unfollowed x. twitter has told multiple news outlets that it’s working on a fix. in the meantime, don’t unfollow anyone if you don’t want them to know.
	twitter unfollow
should your twitter account reflect your personal life, or your professional expertise? arguably, the answer is “both”—but it isn’t always easy to figure out how to balance the two identities.	twitter
boy, we really know how to wreck a good thing. japan sends us their charismatic organizational expert and what do we americans do? we ruin her by turning her into a verb. 
	organization
there’s been a lot of backlash to marie kondo’s attitude toward books, thanks to her new netflix show. in her book the life-changing magic of tidying up, she encourages readers to get rid of all their unread books. she says that she personally only owns 30 titles. her critics say that’s ridiculous, and in fact you should cover your home in books.	books tidying marie_kondo
remember when you bought a new can opener because you thought you lost your old one? what do you plan on doing with that half-used roll of duct tape that’s collecting dust in your garage? the last time you used that flashlight in the kitchen junk drawer was to pretend to be a jedi, wasn’t it? these are all items you probably have lying around that you can consolidate into a home emergency kit. it might just save you and your family’s lives.
	emergency
microsoft windows can get messy. it’s not (always) the operating system’s fault. you download tons of apps and files, and create new content stuff of your own, until your “downloads” directory looks like a landfill for old content. your desktop is so full of icons, you can’t see your pretty wallpaper. your start menu looks like an app buffet. in short, your operating system is a mess, but it’s not unfixable.
	windows desktop files




click to vieweveryone&#39;s got a virtual junk drawer, that folder where you save downloads, email attachments, and disposable files you only need access to temporarily. problem is, these files can build up over time, eat up disk space and clutter your go-to spot for noodling with documents. recover hard drive space and keep your &quot;junk drawer&quot; from getting too cluttered with an automated task that sweeps through that temporary folder and deletes the old stuff you don&#39;t need.	disk_space




if i let it, my hard drive would fill to capacity with crap i don&#39;t need. throughout the course of one day i get my paws on all sorts of throwaway files: video, images and songs meant for a single viewing or listen, pdf&#39;s i have to print, software installers and big ol&#39; zip files i extract and do whatever i need to with the contents. the end result is a bunch of stuff hogging space on my hard drive for no good reason.	
by gina trapani	
a few years ago, i decided to organize the apps on my home screen by color, creating neat little columns of green, blue, red and grey. over time, as apps updated their designs or disappeared entirely, my meticulously crafted system devolved into randomness, but a recent twitter thread has me thinking about the beauty (and usefulness) of organizing your app icons by color all over again.
	apps design
former design ethicist at google and founder of the non-profit time well spent tristan harris has been making the rounds lately, talking about how technology is engineered to be addictive and hijack our attention. he’s pretty persuasive, comparing the lure of your phone to the that of a slot machine. 	tristan_harris
thank god for the handmaid’s tale on hulu, because netflix’s offerings this week are, at first glance, garbage. if you were a fan of the first seasons of  the casketeers, girls incarcerated, go! live your way, dark, or the confession tapes,  you’re in luck as the second seasons of all these shows hit the ‘flix this week. otherwise, enjoy mr. iglesias, in which “hilarious high school teacher gabriel iglesias tries to make a difference in the lives of some smart but underperforming students at his alma mater.” it looks a little network-comedy tame, but oscar from the office and sherri shepherd are in it, so, maybe?
	netflix
did you see the transcendent martin scorsese documentary shine a light, about the rolling stones? you don’t even have to be a stones fan in order to love this movie. well, scorsese’s got another rock doc hitting netflix, and this time it’s about bob dylan. rolling thunder revue (wednesday) is about dylan’s poorly organized 1975 tour of smaller venues featuring pals like joan baez, joni mitchell and ramblin’ jack elliott. if you’re a dylan person, i don’t see how this won’t be fantastic. if you’re not, it’s still worth a glance as this scorsese kid is a real up-and-comer with a big future.	netflix
is there one show everyone agrees is stellar? yes, and that show is black mirror. and season 5 (there have been four seasons?! we are getting old, friends) drops on wednesday. wednesday! a weird day of the week to debut a highly anticipated series! start coughing and complaining of chills on monday and your calling in sick on wednesday will seem totally plausible.
	
you need to watch a ton of good movies in the next week or two, because in june, netflix is losing apollo 13, 101 dalmatians, friday the 13th, i am legend, both kill bills, legally blonde, pretty in pink, stargate, the constant gardener, guardians of the galaxy vol. 2, apocalypse now, district 9, and the pianist. and that’s not all that’s disappearing.
	netflix movies
two words for may, netflixsters: mister. mom.
	netflix
whatever is going on in the calamitous phantasmagoria known as i think you should leave with tim robinson (tuesday) is both frightening and intriguing, and it’s the best you’re going to do on netflix this week. allegedly, it’s a sketch comedy show brought to you by the lonely island, starring robinson, of comedy central’s detroiters (i must be watching too much netflix because this is the first i’ve heard of this show). snl alums like vanessa bayer and will forte make appearances, and i heard a rumor that the series features an intervention in a garfield-themed house. if you’re sick of adult swim or out of psychedelics, this one’s for you.
	netflix
the executive producers of bridesmaids are bringing us rom-com someone great this weekend, and it really better be something great because i don’t watch game of thrones. jane the virgin’s gina rodriguez stars as a music journalist who has one last blowout with her besties before she leaves nyc. it looks funny and ironic and everyone is vaping.
	
who among us is excited for the triumphant return to the stage of ray romano? not me! but i’m assuming the same people who kept everybody loves raymond on the air for 11 years have been anxiously anticipating ray romano: right here, around the corner, romano’s first standup special in 23 years, which hits netflix on tuesday.
	netflix
the edge of seventeen is a solid, engaging, entertaining teen movie in the mold of john hughes, and you should definitely watch it if you haven’t seen it (friday). hailee steinfeld is an interesting actor! if you have a teenage kid, you could watch it with them and then have a productive conversation! or, you could just watch pretty in pink, which is back on netflix this week.	netflix
great stuff coming to netflix this month: about a boy, billy elliot, jaws, the 40-year-old virgin, more chef’s table, and the mexican edition of nailed it! great stuff to watch before it leaves: children of men, clerks, the big lebowski, the bourne ultimatum, and shaun of the dead. i think i watched all of these on a laptop in my dorm. here’s everything that’s coming and going on netflix in february.
	netflix coming_and_going
netflix loses a lot of titles in january, including the godfather, the green mile, iron giant, million dollar baby, it follows, face/off, rogue one, love actually, kung fu panda, five sharnkados, the shining, and the fellowship of the ring. so block out some afternoons on your christmas break. and get ready for some new and returning titles.	netflix
here’s a cool phenomenon: the netflix christmas special. this month, in addition to way too many original shows and films, netflix is releasing christmas episodes for existing shows, including nailed it!, chilling adventures of sabrina, ezra koenig’s neo yokio, and awards-bait prince of peoria: a christmas moose miracle.
	netflix
november is a solid month for netflix. you’ve got the new she-ra, a new season of mst3k, a previously unfinished orson welles film, and classics like the english patient, good will hunting, and close encounters of the third kind. and the site is only losing a few hit films. here’s everything coming and going from netflix in october.
	netflix coming_and_going
netflix is going all-in on halloween this month, with a new set of original horror and horror-ish films and shows every friday. there’s also new non-scary stuff, like samin nosrat’s cooking show salt fat acid heat. here’s everything coming and going on netflix in october.
	netflix coming_and_going
this is a damn good month for netflix. hell, we didn’t even know american vandal was coming back, but those documentarians have found another case! a “stomach-churning mystery at a washington high school,” according to netflix! it’s the fake true crime of the century! this month we’re getting a lot of promising new netflix shows, plus some classic movies. first the highlights, then the master list:
	netflix movies
a moody teen love story with a supernatural twist featuring guy pearce uttering lines like, “you’re a young woman in a frightening new world. i think you just need somebody to walk through it with you”? could it be this summer’s answer to stranger things? let us hope that the innocents (friday, aug. 24) is even half as entertaining— if it is, it’ll win the week.
	
orange is the new black isn’t even back yet, and netflix is already telling us what comes out in august! it’s a big month for netflix originals, with the premiere of matt groening’s fantasy cartoon disenchantment, season 2 of ozark, and a new comedy special from demetri martin. here are the highlights, and the full list of shows, movies, and comedy specials coming and going from netflix next month.
	netflix coming_and_going movies comedy
for its tenth season, comedians in cars getting coffee moves to netflix, debuting twelve new episodes on july 6. while the whole season looks pretty good, i think can all agree that kate mckinnon and dave chappelle are the big gets this time around. other caffeinated passengers that appear promising include jerry lewis, alec baldwin, john mulaney and tracy morgan. check out the trailer below, then take a gander at the rest of the shows, films, specials and weird made-for-netflix originals in the streaming service’s july lineup.
	netflix streaming
glow is back! glow is frickin’ back on june 29! hot damn! time to re-watch season 1, wherein alison brie, marc maron, and betty gilpin work out their feelings through the language of headlocks. when you’re done with that, here are all the new tv shows, movies, and stand-up specials coming to netflix in june.
	netflix movies tv
hey, what’d you watch on netflix this month? any of those new titles they dropped? did you see cold mountain? maybe mortal kombat? now there’s a venn diagram that’s just two circles. here are the new tv shows, movies, and stand-up specials coming to netflix in may.
	netflix movies tv
april is the cruelest month, if you’re a fan of cool runnings. the inspiring story of redemption and warm-weather bobsledding leaves netflix on april 1. but beethoven’s christmas adventure arrives on netflix the same day, just in time! but seriously, it’s a good month for netflix, especially for original series and documentaries.
	netflix
february isn’t pulling any punches, but we’re getting through it thanks to the benzocaine-like powers of netflix’s streaming video service. plus, march is around the corner and bringing new seasons of action-packed shows, similarly action-packed films, and some original content in the form of illuminating documentaries. while you’re admiring the list of new additions, be sure to check the list of everything leaving netflix this march, if only to do some belated enjoying of a few christmas movies.
	netflix streaming_video
already dropped those pesky resolutions about dropping your binging habit? if that’s the case, it’s time to enjoy the latest additions to netflix’s library of streaming shows, films, and documentaries. we promise there’s something in here for you to enjoy, at least until you remember your promise to read more books.	netflix
in 2017, every company seems to want you to cut the cord on cable and subscribe to their platform. but sadly, not every show you watch is available on one single platform.	
youtube is new to the television streaming game but the company is already adding seven new networks—amc, bbc america, sundance tv, telemundo, universo, we tv and ifc—to their basic $35/month package. so you can now get more for your money when you subscribe to youtube tv—but there are some limitations to know about before deciding if it’s the right service for you.	television youtube streaming
for $100 a year, you can pay for a widget to screen your social media accounts for embarrassing posts that could damage your chances of getting a job or getting into college. startup brandyourself provides online reputation management software that allows you to “minimize negative search results and build a positive web presence.”	social_media college
a fitness wearable promises to aid you in your quest for a healthier life by providing data on how your body responds to physical activity. they’re good at providing some bits of information and not so good at others. in particular, a new small-scaled study from stanford university suggests, fitness trackers are not great at measuring calories burned.	fitness fitness_trackers
your netflix queue is about to undergo its monthly shakeup. with each month comes the extraction of tv shows and movies from the netflix library — a harsh reality only made better by new content being added to the platform. june is no different. 
	netflix movies
watching video from your smartphone at night tends to be really harsh on your eyes, not to mention really irritating for other people in the room who may actually be trying to sleep.  and while a number of video players and apps are now releasing a “dark mode” feature, which inverts the interface’s colors, these features tend to be hidden in the settings and not advertised.
	dark_mode
apple recently added night shift to macos, which changes the color temperature of your screen based on the time of day in the hopes that it’ll help you sleep better. before the launch of night shift, f.lux was the go-to tool for doing this. let’s see how they compare.
	apple macos night sleep
if you’re a fan of night shift on your iphone, or f.lux on your mac, you’ll be happy to know that apple’s rolling out an update to macos today that adds the time-based color-shifting feature to your mac.
	apple macos night_shift
dear lifehacker,
i like to use my smartphone and tablet in bed. i know that screen time before bed is bad for my sleep, but will features like apple’s night shift and android n’s night mode help me get better sleep and let me read in bed at the same time?	sleep apple android night_shift night_mode
if you’re running google chrome 57 or above, it turns out there’s a hidden dark mode. reddit user _paul- found the menu, which you can enable with a quick jump into the console menu.
	chrome dark_mode google
mac: your mac has a world clock built into it, but it’s relegated to the notification center and stuck in analog for some reason. clocker lets you jam that world clock into the menu bar, where’s it’s easily accessible.
	mac menu_bar
weird weather we’re having, right? i don’t know where you live, but i’m assuming it’s on the same planet as i do, and here in the northeastern u.s., a “typical” day includes a tantrum of rain in the morning, hot and humid around mid-day, then cold and possibly hailing by the evening commute. the unpredictability of the weather forces me to consult a minimum of two weather apps before deciding if it’s safe to bike to work. but, more often than not, one app will tell me it’s going to be clear all day, and the other will predict a 30% chance of rain. what to do?
	weather weather_apps
i feel like graphing calculators were only really a “thing” for most people during that year or two of high school when you were forced to use one for whatever math class you were taking. it finally felt like you were getting old—teenage-old, that is—when everyone pulled out their bulky little beasts on the first day of school to see whose parents threw down for the crazy-fancy models.	graphing_calculator calculator
the ridiculously expensive texas instruments graphing calculator is slowly but surely  getting phased out. the times they are a-changin’ for the better, but i’m feeling nostalgic. i have some wonderful memories associated with my tis.	
sure, as a general rule, you know that it’s better to order the larger pizza to get more for your money. if you want to get really mathematical, this calculator will tell you exactly how much more pizza you’re getting with a larger size.	math pizza
while i always recommend upgrading to the latest and greatest version of whatever software you’re using, this might not be the best option if you’re running an older device that’s already struggling to function. this is especially true of operating systems—although sometimes even your older device can benefit from an os upgrade.
	upgrade
welcome back to another week of tech 911—lifehacker’s advice column that’s designed to answer your most pressing and peculiar questions about technology. this week, we’re taking a question from someone who wants to find a solid photo-storage service for a special project. i’ll let lifehacker reader joel explain:	
we spent the last week learning all about the basics of photography, from the way your camera works to composing your photos to editing them in post. here&#39;s the complete guide, along with a pdf of all the lessons and some additional resources fo learning more.	photography camera complete_guide
with so many cameras available, figuring out how all the specifications and options translate into your everyday use is complicated. for our first lesson in the basics of photography, we&#39;re going to learn how cameras work and make sense of what that means in terms of choosing a camera to buy and how it affects your photographs.	photography camera cameras
now that you&#39;ve got a pretty good idea of how the different parts of your camera work, we&#39;re going to take a look at its various settings. in this lesson we&#39;ll cover the basics, and in the following lesson we&#39;ll take a look at manual mode.	camera
photography isn’t as easy as many people assume, but you can learn the basics on your own. and if you need some structured lessons, this 12-module course from harvard will teach you everything from exposure settings to reading histograms.	photography
i shoved my phone in my husband’s face to show him a picture i’d taken of the new york skyline. “it’s good, right?” i asked, way too proud of myself because, frankly, it was not good. “well,” he said. “imagine how good it would look if you knew what you were doing.” i rolled my eyes but took him up on his offer to teach me about exposure.
	exposure
there’s nothing wrong with being a little nervous if you’re out practicing your street photography. taking pictures of unaware people in candid situations, or approaching someone for a more deliberate photo isn’t easy, but if you’re trying to improve, acting the part of wallflower will only hinder your progress. it’s a skill you’ll need to develop, but you can improve your street photography effectiveness by following a few simple rules (and cracking open a cold one).	photography street_photography
so you took a trip somewhere cool, snapped a bunch of photos, and now you have no idea what to do with them all. don’t worry, editing your vacation photos isn’t as tough or technical as it sounds.
	photos vacation
dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return, unless thou pay photobucket $400/year. the 14-year-old photo hosting site recently stopped letting outside sites display its photos for free, a move that instantly broke images on blogs, home pages, and ebay and amazon listings, and infuriated longtime users. some users are even having trouble downloading their own images, driving home an expensive lesson: never trust a third-party site to hold onto your photos forever.
	photobucket images
if you don’t have an offsite cloud storage plan (and you really should), google’s newest update to its cloud storage service google drive is ready to fix your gaping data backup hole by letting you pick which folders on your device you’d like to back up to google drive instead of forcing you to put the files into a single google drive folder. it’s called backup &amp; sync.
	cloud_storage google google_drive
like other powerful tools, technology can be used for great good or for great evil. learn how people use technology for wrongdoing so you can protect yourself—or use their tricks to actually do good. here are the top 10 “evil” ways you can use technology.	technology
in san francisco, it started with the museum of ice cream, a “museum” downtown where for $38 dollars you can snap selfies of yourself next to a unicorn or submerged in sprinkles in the building’s “sprinkle pool.”
	
last week instagram added a new feature that allows you to add lyrics to your instagram stories. the feature allows you to not only add a song to your story (you’ve been able to do that for a while), but also sing along with those lyrics, similar to what you might do with the app tiktok.
	instagram instagram_stories
we hear a lot about the problem of facebook ads—whether it’s about user information being tracked for targeted ads, or fishy groups using ads to spread misinformation. just look at the effects on our political landscape: we have voters and politicians who spout false information, often just because they saw it on social media. facebook ads are particularly egregious since the website collects personal data and tailors the ads you see based on your browsing behaviors. that leads to not only creepily specific targeted ads, but also a greater chance for those who don’t fact-check properly to be duped by ads containing false or misleading information.	social_media facebook
facebook’s done it again!
	facebook
i’m a tremendous fan of using “dark mode” or ”night mode” on my phone whenever possible. beyond just being easier to look at, dark modes use less battery power since your phone’s not having to power that bright white screen.
	
typos happen. now when they happen on facebook messenger, you have the option to delete them. facebook finally started rolling out the ability to delete messenger messages this week.
	facebook_messenger facebook
facebook is kind of a mess right now. and there are plenty of equally messy reaction pieces cajoling you, and everyone you know, to delete your account in a massive middle finger to the web’s prevailing social network. that’s the easy take and, honestly, we’ve experienced this mob response before. did you #deletefacebook then?  me neither.	facebook delete_your_account
with all the privacy issues surrounding facebook, many people are considering quitting the site altogether. if you&#39;re not ready to take it that far, here&#39;s how to avoid the privacy breaches without completely deleting your account and losing touch with your friends.	privacy facebook
this weekend the new york times reported that 50 million facebook users had their profile information harvested by the trump-connected data analytics firm cambridge analytica via a personality app on the site.
	facebook
ah 2017, the year fake news took over our timelines, and the attendant hand-wringing took over our lives. it’s not as if we needed more things to disturb us on facebook—we’ve been fomo-gnashing our teeth to dust for a decade, after all. as this year comes to a close, i encourage you to gird yourself for the certain onslaught to come. take two seconds and install news feed eradicator for facebook, a chrome extension that does exactly what it says, and in so doing, will preserve the teensy shred of sanity you have left.
	facebook chrome_extension news_feed
google’s chrome browser is packed full of an incredible amount of extensions that add all sorts of functionality. it’s tough to sift through the store to find what’s useful though, so let us save you some time with this collection of our favorite chrome extensions.
	chrome_extensions chrome google
mac: we’ve seen plenty of pomodoro timers over the years, but tomates might be the most full featured option around.
	mac pomodoro timers
the pomodoro technique can help you power through distractions, hyper-focus, and get things done in short bursts, while taking frequent breaks to come up for air and relax. best of all, it’s easy. if you have a busy job where you’re expected to produce, it’s a great way to get through your tasks. let’s break it down and see how you can apply it to your work. 	pomodoro pomodoro_technique work
getting things done, or gtd, is a system for getting organized and staying productive. it may seem complicated on the outside, but the end goal is to spend less time doing the things you have to do so you have more time for the things you want to do. let&#39;s break it down and see how you can apply a simplified version to your life.	gtd getting_things_done

	the best productivity methods keep your to-dos in front of you and prioritized so you never wonder what to work on next. some are complicated, but others make it easy to see everything, organized by priority—so easy you could use post-it notes if you wanted. let&#39;s talk about one of those systems: personal kanban.	productivity kanban productivity_methods work personal_kanban to-dos
macos: there are plenty of pomodoro timers to choose from but i like apps that disappear when you don’t need them—and are a single click away when you do. with that in mind, pomodoro time lets you time your tasks and manage your to-do list right in your menu bar.	mac pomodoro timers apps
adblock plus has updated with a new set of features to hide a bunch of facebook&#39;s biggest annoyances, including cleaning up your news feed and sidebar. 	facebook annoyances
on saturdays and sundays, i don’t look at any media, social or otherwise. those are nice days! it’s like a spa treatment for the brain. but unfortunately, my brain is addicted to social media, so come monday i’m clicking and swiping and freaking out at every piece of horrifying information that comes across the transom. wouldn’t it be nice if there were a way to keep up with family and friends, and even a bare minimum of news, without being forced to see every dreadful thing that the facebook sidebar throws in your face?	social_media news
in the months after my kids were born, the news cycle would send me into tailspins of anxiety and fear. the penn state sex-abuse scandal and the newtown shootings paralyzed me for days—i wept while changing diapers, wept in the bathtub, wept while pushing the stroller down the street. what might have been (merely!) horrifying pre-kids was now incapacitating. for my own mental health, i had to stop reading the news and looking at social media.	
 stress is an unpleasant fact of life. we all experience it for various reasons, and we all try to come up with ways of coping with it—some with more success than others. so what exactly is stress doing to your mind (and body) when you&#39;re staring down a deadline? and what can you do to power through it? 	stress
some jobs just suck and cause enormous amounts of stress all on their own, but if you have a history of feeling stressed at work—regardless of the job—dr. fredric neuman points out that it&#39;s probably because you&#39;re trying to be perfect and avoid critcism: 	stress work job jobs
it’s the middle of the night and you know you should be sleeping, but you can’t. something is keeping you up: maybe a coworker tried to throw you under the bus, or your friend said something rude. whatever it is, you can’t get it out of your head, and you need to sleep for work tomorrow. it sucks. 	sleep sleeping
drinking in the shower is a pastime that much of the lifehacker staff holds near and dear to their hearts. the popular beverage of choice for such an activity? beer. also, coffee and maybe a fancy cocktail. here’s how you, too, can enjoy one of the greatest and most simple pleasures of your adult life.
	drinking
picking a car insurance provider is a lot like filing taxes. it’s not sexy or exciting, but you do it because you have to. still, the options are myriad and you just go with what sounds good or has the best commercials (...right?). some of them claim to save you more money than others, but how much are you saving, really?
	insurance car_insurance
in high school, car insurance is cheaper if you get good grades. when you turn 25, your premium changes again. car insurance companies assign rates based on how responsible they think you are and how likely they think you are to get into an accident. fair enough, but some of the criteria they use are a little unexpected.
	car_insurance
comparing car insurers isn’t easy, but insurify wants to make it as simple as typing in your zip code. a few minutes later, you can compare quotes, or get a personal report with who your best bet for affordable insurance will be.	insurance
it’s smart to periodically check in on your goals, spending plan, or investment portfolio, but you also want to reevaluate your monthly bills and expenses every now and then, too. if you haven’t looked for a better car insurance policy for a while, it might be time.	car_insurance
last week, the intergovernmental panel on climate change released a report—a klaxon, really—warning of the catastrophic consequences of climate change if global political leaders don’t take action right now. for people who’ve been sounding the alarm for decades now, this report is depressing but not surprising; for those of us who’ve not paid as much attention to the science as we should have, the report is a blaring wake-up call. no matter which group you’re in, though, the path forward is clear: we need to pressure our elected leaders, corporations, and even our friends and neighbors to change our ways or we will be witnessing rising sea levels, natural disasters, war, famine and a refugee crisis the likes of which the world has never seen. as the new york times writes, “the world must utterly transform its energy systems in the next decade or risk ecological and social disaster.”
	climate_change
the world is warming. there’s no longer any doubt of that. with a new report breaking down exactly how fucked we are, it’s time to back up and talk about the basics of the situation we’re in.
	
the earth is getting warmer. that’s a fact. and as the earth gets warmer, we expect to see larger and stronger hurricanes. also a fact. but there are folks denying these facts, even to the point of blaming the liberal media for the fact that hurricanes are in the news.
	hurricanes
some debates seem to explode into mindless arguments where nobody is willing to even try and see eye to eye. to avoid wasting your time with these kinds of debates, here are some red flags to keep an eye out for, and how you might be able to salvage the discussion before backing out.	debate arguments
you see them everywhere you go on the internet: anonymous users with nothing to say but rude, off-topic, or annoying comments designed to make you angry. the only cure is to just stop caring, and while that&#39;s easier said than done, these tips should help you overcome their spell. 	
some people love to pore over their finances to optimize their savings like a fine-tuned machine. myself, i prefer to stick my head in the sand and hope my bank account just manages itself. felix salmon, senior editor at fusion and co-host of slate’s money podcast, is here to help us sort dollars and cents.	podcast money
i just got a job, and i&#39;m very excited—and nervous. i know i&#39;m lucky to even have a job, and so i don&#39;t want to screw up as soon as i get started. what&#39;s expected of me? how can i make a good impression? what do i need to know on day one? 	job
an emergency fund may seem like a luxury in the midst of a recession, but if you don&#39;t have one, now&#39;s the time to start it.	emergency_fund
if something catastrophic happened to you today, would you be able to financially survive it?	
banking site bankrate.com has a simple table you can use to calculate how much money to sock away for emergencies.	money banking
the getting finances done weblog offers 6 ways a short-term emergency fund can help save your budget.	emergency
whenever i travel abroad i always do my best to act like a local, including speaking the local language whenever i can. in some countries that works great, in others, i can’t really avoid being a bumbling mess.
	travel language
lifehacker reader gabriel wyner was tasked with learning four languages in the past few years for his career as an opera singer, and in the process landed on &quot;a pretty damn good method for language learning that you can do in limited amounts of spare time.&quot; here&#39;s the four-step method that you can use, too (and you don&#39;t have to invest hundreds in a language course like rosetta stone). 	learning languages
so, you want to learn to speak and write a new language, huh? not just “hello” and “thank you,” but really learn it well enough that you could live in the country of origin? hope you’re ready to commit. if you’re a native english speaker, these are the languages that will take the most and least time to become proficient in.
	language
so you want to learn a second language to hep advance your career, but you have no idea which one would benefit you the most. if you were to ask an economist, this is probably what they’d tell you.
	language career
at long last duolingo, the free language learning app on ios, android, and the web, has launched its chinese course for english speakers. now you can try your hand at one of the most difficult languages for native english speakers to learn—for free.	duolingo language language_learning learning
duolingo is one of the best free ways to get started learning a new language, and they’re finally answering the pleas of wannabe polyglots everywhere by adding japanese to their curriculum. sugoi!
	duolingo language
duolingo recently added a great japanese curriculum to their app, and now they’re following it up with another great course on korean. it’s a good time to be interested in east asian language!
	duolingo language
duolingo has finally launched tinycards, the app that lets you make your own digital flashcard decks, on the google play store.
	duolingo
tinycards is an app from duolingo that gives you flashcards for hundreds of topics. we really liked tinycards when it launched on iphone last year, and now the tool is available on the web.
	
duolingo is introducing duolingo plus, a $10/month subscription that’ll cut ads and let you download lessons for offline use on android.
	duolingo android
duolingo is a popular language leaning platform that has helped thousands of people develop their multilingual skills for free. its gamified lessons emphasize quick learning so you can memorize a few new words without much effort while waiting for the bus.	duolingo
building something as complex as a car is an expansive collaborative effort calling on people with diverse backgrounds. there is, of course, the engineers designing the actual mechanics, but there are also the aesthetic and tactile elements that affect how you experience the car, each carefully chosen by designers.  	design
it would be a point of pride for any entrepreneur to start a single company and achieve profitability, but max levchin has done a bit more than that. he’s had a hand in creating an entire string of notable and influential startups.
	
arianna huffington just wants to get some rest  but she’s not lying down yet. last year she left her namesake site to start a new company called thrive global, taking aim at rectifying the chronic stress  and burnout that has become standard in many industries.	
by any measure marc maron has had a banner year. the comedian talked with president obama on his podcast, his television show on ifc completed it’s third season and was renewed for another, and he has a new standup special premiering in just a few days. must feel good, right?	
basecamp is a web-based project management tool, and like so many other software tools and startups before it, the creators of basecamp made it for themselves. they just needed a decent way to manage projects and collaborations.  it just happens that other people want to use it too.	
so much can be said with a gif. it can be an exaggerated reaction, a visual analogy to something said in a conversation, or simply a non sequitur to punctuate online communication. but usually it’s just a funny animation.	
j. kenji lópez-alt is the author of the food lab, a column on serious eats and now a book which explores cooking with a scientific eye. in fact, the new york times just referred to kenji as “the nerd king of internet cooking.”	cooking food
there’s nothing easy about live television news. it’s a blend of quick-thought improvisation and journalistic research done in concert with complex technical systems, all done in an effort to relay the news. and it doesn’t get any easier during an election year.	
 warren ellis is a writer. you may know him from transmetropolitan, his acclaimed cyberpunk comic book series about a gonzo journalist, or from his novels like gun machine. and then there are the television shows, film projects, and magazine columns, many of which comment on our relationship with technology and the future. 	
six years ago marques brownlee was just a kid talking about technology to his webcam and sharing his thoughts on youtube. now, with 2.6 million subscribers, his well-produced mkbhd videos are among the most popular sources of gadget commentary online.	
for over sixteen years america’s test kitchen has approached cooking through a methodic, scientific lens, explaining how to execute a recipe to perfection. in a crowded landscape of culinary television, they stand out for their rigorous testing and accessible recipes.	cooking culinary television
america&#39;s test kitchen has been giving viewers recipes, science lessons, and gadget how-tos for more than a decade now. its founder and host chris kimball is known for taking less-than-great dishes and recreating them to perfection, often explaining the science and tech behind his fixes (and always while wearing a bow tie). beyond the stove, chris stays busy as a magazine editor, author, and radio host. we caught up with the dapper mr. kimball to chat about to-do lists, audiobooks, fluffy pancakes, and more. 	chris_kimball
alton brown is a chef, a television host, a storyteller and author, and a witty explainer of the fundamentals of cooking. he’s the embodiment of lifehacker’s culinary aspirations and unsurprisingly we regularly feature his work.	cooking
vsco, one of lifehacker’s favorite camera apps, lets anyone improve their mobile photos without advanced technical knowledge. we talked with co-founder joel flory about his background in photography, his management style, and his tea habit.	vsco photography
the iphone has a fantastic camera, but to truly get the best experience, you want to grab a few extra apps. here&#39;s what every iphone photographer can use in their toolkit.	iphone camera
tilt-shift photography alters the focal plane of your camera lens and yields some really interesting pictures in the process. learn about tilt-shift photography and get started with a comparison guide to diy tilt-shift lenses with this handy guide.	tilt-shift_photography photography diy guide camera
todoist is an old contender among to-do list managers, helping people corral their work into manageable tasks for almost a decade. it’s grown into a cross-platform tool that can be used for collaboration and project management, but was created simply because amir salihefendic needed a way to keep track of his work.	todoist
if you’ve ever listened to a podcast, you’ve heard of mailchimp. (“mail...kimp?”) we talked to ben chestnut, ceo and co-founder of the email newsletter company and marketing platform that grew to half a billion dollars in revenue without ever taking any venture capital. ben reveals the email habit that ran his early hiring policy.	mailchimp email
we last talked to trip adler in 2014, about expanding scribd from a document hosting service to an ebook subscription service. since then scribd has kept growing. (and yes, it’s still useful even though library ebooks exist). we talked to adler about the binary path for startups, leaving room for impromptu meetings, and his personal reading habits.	scribd
scribd began as site to simply host and share documents. essays, poems, novels—whatever writers needed to share, scribd offered a home for their words. and now they&#39;ve grown into a fully fledged book subscription service—a netflix for ebooks, you might say.	scribd ebooks
google just made free legal ebooks much easier to find. search for a book, and in the info bar on the right, under the buying options, google lists local public libraries that have the ebook. (on mobile, tap the “get book” tab.) if you’re a library member, you can borrow it right away, right on your device. it feels like magic. here, try it with elena ferrante’s my brilliant friend.
	ebooks library books google
 amazon unveiled their kindle lending library for amazon prime members last week, but even if you&#39;re a prime member, the new lending library only offers you a single book per prime account, and if you use a kindle app or another ereader, you&#39;re out of luck. put that kindle-or any ereader for that matter—to better use in a closer place than you might expect: your local library.	library amazon prime kindle lending_library
have a kindle? amazon will now loan you free books, as long as you&#39;re a prime member. add in the free shipping and video streaming and you&#39;ve got a really compelling reason to join amazon prime. 	books amazon amazon_prime kindle
the internet archive (the one that brought us the wayback machine) wants to provide free access to a comprehensive selection of books online through a project called the open library. right now the library&#39;s collection is far from extensive, but the idea is promising, and the internet archive is a determined archiver, so here&#39;s hoping the project continues to improve (their new demo site looks cool).
	books library
i’m always trying to save a few bucks when stocking up on books for my beat-up kindle or my ipad. i’m not a big ebook reader, but i do use it to crank through classic books i should have already read—books too unwieldy to carry during my morning and evening commute. luckily for me, there are thousands of free books available from places like project gutenberg. just one problem: a lot of them look terrible.
	books
google launched its new google for jobs initiative today, which  puts job listings from all the major job service sites in one easy-to-search place.
	google jobs
ios: sending articles to your kindle has always been a bit of a pain, but amazon’s making it a little easier for ios users today with the addition of a send to kindle button in safari.
	kindle ios
kindle fire tablets are some of the best, cheapest android tablets around, but they’re limited to amazon’s app store, which is more than lacking compared to the thousands of apps available on the google play store. with a little tweaking, though, you can run any android app on them. you can even get the entire google play store on some devices.	kindle kindle_fire amazon android google play_store
jailbreaking a kindle comes with a variety of benefits, including installing custom screensavers and software, but most recently the availability of the jailbreak has been restricted to a small handful of firmware. now, its seeing a much wider release.
	kindle jailbreak
most ebook sellers try to lock you into a particular ecosystem. if you don&#39;t mind buying from the same company every time, this isn&#39;t too bad, but you lose the ability to comparison shop, as well as making it difficult to switch apps. fortunately, there&#39;s a way around this problem.	
i just heard about the woman whose kindle ebooks were wiped when her account was suspended, and it got me thinking: do i really own anything that i&#39;ve bought with drm? it seems like i could lose it at any time, or lose the ability to view something just because i switched devices. how can i get rid of the drm so i can keep my own backups? 	drm ebooks
blu-ray may be majestic, but it also has more copy protection than any other format around, and playing it on your computer can be difficult to impossible. here’s how to rip those movies for glorious hd movies, anywhere you want them.	how_to blu-ray movies
 playing blu-ray movies on the go on a laptop or in the living room on an htpc with a blu-ray drive doesn&#39;t have to be difficult, but if you want true hd video quality and the experience of navigating disc extras and menus, you&#39;ll need a blu-ray media player that&#39;s up to the task. here are five of the best blu-ray compatible media players, based on your nominations. 	blu-ray players media_players hd hd_video top
 if you&#39;re planning to hit the road with your blu-ray enabled laptop for the holidays, or you just built an htpc with a blu-ray drive in it, your next job (after picking the movies you want to watch) is to select the blu-ray compatible player you want to watch your movies in. this week we want to know which one you turn to for the most control over playback, the best video quality, and of course, the best bang for your buck. 	blu-ray playback
windows/mac/linux: it&#39;s still slim pickings when it comes to finding a good freeware application for ripping blu-ray discs, but ripping and converting tool makemkv is free for as long as it&#39;s in beta—and it&#39;s undoubtedly the simplest ripper around.	blu-ray windows linux
if you&#39;re looking for a way to make the raspberry pi a bit more portable, programmer jeff ammons shows off how he uses his kindle fire as a screen for his raspberry pi. 	raspberry_pi kindle kindle_fire
google has officially announced android l (henceforth known as lollipop). while we heard a bit about it back at google i/o, there’s plenty more to hear about. this is what’s coming in google’s latest.	google android
today is officially the first day of summer. to celebrate, which also happens to be ‘national smoothie day’, jamba juice is offering customers free small smoothies today from 2pm-5pm.
	smoothies free juice
game developer niantic officially dropped harry potter: wizards unite thursday afternoon for ios and android, which means people like me (and maybe you) spent their lunch break playing wizard and collecting magical creatures, things, and people scattered around town.
	harry_potter android
harry potter is the bestselling book series of all time, and the books are a lot of fun, but there could be more to the story of the boy who lived.  some recent studies have shown that reading the magical tale can increase empathy toward others.	studies harry_potter books reading
the 50th anniversary of the moon landing is happening in just a few weeks, but krispy kreme is celebrating a little early by passing out free  doughnuts today, one of the chain’s original glazed doughnuts that is filled with cream. 	doughnuts free krispy_kreme
in her 13 years at intel, sandra lopez has overseen the company’s brand repositioning, built new organizations in the company, and applied her background in fashion—inside intel’s sports group. she’s been named one of the 50 most powerful women in tech by the national diversity council and one of latina style’s top ten latina executives of the year, and she’s spoken to nbc news on the silicon valley boys club. we talked to her about the surprising ways her background has played into her tech career, and how to responsibly manage a team.
	career tech_career intel
citymeals on wheels funds the delivery of over 3 million meals a year to elderly residents in new york city, filling in gaps like weekends and holidays that government programs leave out. since 2011, beth shapiro has been the non-profit’s executive director, overseeing every step from fundraising to delivery, keeping up with an aging population and other changing needs. we talked to her about managing an organization with so much on the line.
	non-profit
“ugh, saltwater taffy is kind of gross.” that’s what marisa wu thought years ago, when a colleague suggested she make some of her own. but then she investigated and figured out how to cook taffy flavored by real ingredients, not lab-created chemicals. now wu runs salty road taffy, a popular high-end taffy brand where the banana flavor tastes like (and is made with) real bananas, where each recipe is carefully calibrated and made on antique equipment. wu gave us a video tour of the taffy factory, and talked about juggling production, marketing, and other aspects of her small business from a desk on the factory floor.
	video small_business
jamia wilson grew up reading books from the feminist press, so she’s proud to be the literary publisher’s executive director (the youngest person, and the first woman of color, to lead the 47-year-old press). when she became director, wilson was already an outspoken activist and writer whose work had appeared in the feminist press titles slut and i still believe anita hill. we talked to wilson in print and on video about her work habits, her inspirations, and the concrete ways the press fosters teamwork.	work books jamia_wilson
jamia wilson, writer, activist, and executive director of the feminist press, has made a career out of compelling speech. in the video above, she explains the fundamentals of public speaking:	public_speaking jamia_wilson video
you can eat pizza for a living, if you’re good enough at it—and if you work hard and get to know everyone in the pizza business. scott wiener turned his love of pizza into scott’s pizza tours, a growing business conducting food tours by foot and by bus in manhattan. in this video episode of how i work, we shadowed him for a day and learned how he chooses locations, trains tour guides, and makes industry connections, doing his work out of pizza shops and carting supplies around on his bike.	work pizza tours video food
before mari takahashi joined entertainment company smosh, her job was ballet dancing, and her career aspiration was to make a living teaching dance. now she’s in charge of smosh games, a youtube channel with over 7 million subscribers, where she regularly appears in videos like her minecraft show maricraft. she told us how she gets her work done, the tools she uses, and being strategic but flexible.	career youtube work smosh
for many of us bill nye is part of our childhoods, playing that crucial role as educator and illuminator of science when our impressionable minds might not have thought to ask why. with his television show he taught us why science is amazing by examining the details of how everything works, and he continues to be an advocate of science education and exploration.	science
youtube stars can actually be really good people! like vlogger anna akana, who makes videos about introversion, suicide awareness, racist sexual fetishes, and taking self-care beyond bubble baths and massages for an audience of over 2 million subscribers. she also makes short films, appears in ant-man, corporate, and adam ruins everything, and stars in her own upcoming youtube red show youth &amp; consequences. we talked to her about building a career out of comedy, acting, and youtube videos.
	career anna_akana youtube comedy acting
rhett &amp; link, hosts of the show good mythical morning and creators of viral videos like “nope! chuck testa,” are two of the most famous well-behaved grown adults on youtube. they’ve been making funny, interesting videos for years, and now they run multiple youtube channels with millions of subscribers each. we asked them how they work, and how they developed such dizzying careers.
	career work youtube
felicia day got her start in hollywood as an actress, appearing in buffy the vampire slayer, joss whedon&#39;s dr. horrible&#39;s sing-along blog, and more. today, felicia has emerged as a leader in the world of online video production. she not only acts in, but also writes and produces the hit web series the guild. based on the lives of online gamers, the guild has been viewed more than 150 million times. (check out the first episode of season six here.) earlier this year, felicia launched geek &amp; sundry, an original youtube channel. home of the guild and three unscripted series, geek &amp; sundry aims to &quot;present the very best of indie geek culture.&quot; it&#39;s already being praised as a trailblazer for the future of network tv. we talked to felicia about how she manages it all—from the apps that keep her organized to the advice that keeps her inspired. 	felicia_day the_guild
there are maybe ten things in the world that deserve the title “best-kept secret,” and one of them is comedian nicole drespel. a legendary improv coach and teacher at the upright citizens brigade, nicole has appeared in broad city and 30 rock and written for the chris gethard show on trutv and wet hot american summer on netflix. she currently hosts the podcast inbox, where she and co-host matt stroup dig through their guests’ email and chats.
	
funny guy chris hardwick reviews gadgets, writes for wired, does stand-up, acts in tv and movies, writes comedy songs, blogs, twitters, and makes it all work. here&#39;s how he does it.	chris_hardwick work
 it&#39;s nearly impossible to describe baratunde thurston with a few quick sentences. formerly the director of digital for the onion, baratunde is an author, advisor, comedian, political activist, and social media maven. his first book, how to be black, is a critically-acclaimed bestseller, and his newest project, cultivated wit, aims to help companies reach audiences through humor. if that wasn&#39;t enough, he still regularly performs standup in new york city. anyone this smart, passionate, and straight-up busy has to have a few tricks up their sleeve. baratunde shared his with us, from the apps he can&#39;t live without to the tunes that keep him inspired. 	baratunde_thurston
chris fleming first became famous as gayle waters-waters, the high-strung mom on fleming’s youtube show gayle. since then he’s branched out with music videos like i’m afraid to talk to men and monologues like teens who drink coffee, and he’s currently wrapping up a cross-country live tour. (he’ll be streaming his live show on facebook thursday night.) we asked him about his evolving comedy career, and he answered us, and he was funny.	comedy career
josh gondelman never turns it off. the author, stand-up, modern seinfeld tweeter, and writer for last week tonight with john oliver is always working on something. and yet he seems far saner, happier, and more loving than any hard-working comedian has any right to be.	work
in our ceaseless quest to provide you with the most helpful tips and tricks in the known universe, we frequently refresh old stories with more accurate information. nothing lasts forever, after all, and life hacks are no exception.
	
haggling the price of a car can often save you thousands, and carjojo is a free tool that helps ensure you get the best deal, too. it uses data to estimate the lowest price a dealer will likely accept for a vehicle.	haggling

	in addition to its great deals on bulk items, costco also offers several services exclusively for members that could save you a bunch of money. we&#39;ve heard about them before, but now we&#39;re taking a look at whether these services—like travel booking and auto insurance—are any good. here&#39;s what we found.	costco insurance
when you&#39;re shopping for a new or used vehicle, it helps to do your homework. last week we asked you for the best car comparison sites, then took at look at the five best car comparison sites and put them to a vote. now we&#39;re back to highlight your favorite. 	shopping
car dealers don&#39;t have a great rep for honesty or looking out for the consumer, but there actually are add-ons they may try to sell you that you should consider. financial blog mainstreet helps sort out the worthwhile features from the ones you should skip. 	car
hrishikesh hirway pulls songs apart to learn how they work. on his podcast song exploder, hirway has interviewed artists like solange, iggy pop, norah jones, björk, and arcade fire about their writing, recording, and mixing processes. hirway makes his own music as half of the band moors with atlanta’s lakeith stanfield, and as a composer for tv and film. he also co-hosts the west wing weekly podcast with west wing actor joshua malina. we talked to him about how this multi-threaded artistic life weaves together. we also got a play-by-play of how hirway makes each episode of song exploder.	music work
  it seems apple added text expansion to ios 5 and decided not to mention it. this is a great, highly-desired feature that can save you tons of time typing frequent phrases and long words. here&#39;s how to set it up and the phrases you&#39;ll want to add right away. 	how_to ios_5 of the
ios 5 is out and there are plenty of new features, some of which require a little bit of set up. we&#39;ll walk you through the entire process so you&#39;re up and running in just a few minutes. click on the feature you want to set up for a video walkthrough and written instructions as well.	ios feature
  you&#39;ve got ios 5 and you&#39;re excited to start syncing over wi-fi instead of a cable. here&#39;s the very simple setup process to get your idevice syncing over the air. 	sync ios ios_5
mission to zyxx might be the best podcast. this science fiction comedy—a mix of star trek, star wars, and the hitchhiker’s guide to the galaxy—that leans on original jokes instead of references, is definitely the best of the current wave of fictional podcasts, partly because of its unique process. the cast improvises each episode with just a loose premise to guide them. then a three-person team edits and sound designs the show, cutting it down by over half and adding sound effects, voice effects, music, transitions, and ambience. the end result is as fresh as any improv show, but as slick as anything scripted. in a detailed installment of how i work, all seven of the show’s cast and crew broke down their creative and technical process for each episode. there’s lots to learn in here for comedians, actors, writers, editors, and sound professionals.
	comedy podcasts work science_fiction improv
very, very few sites can make a name for themselves in the “funny fake news” format. there’s basically the onion, and reductress. today we’re talking to the one with the tagline “women’s news. feminized.” recent headlines include “how to stay calm even though everyone missed what you just said and it was really good,” and “wow! this beautiful woman won’t shut up and take the fucking compliment.”
	reductress

	manoush zomorodi is the host and managing editor of wnyc&#39;s new tech city, a public radio podcast that examines how technology affects the way we live, whether it&#39;s the ubiquitous surveillance following our data or the new frontier of space tourism.	
ira glass is a writer, producer, storyteller, performer, and a familiar voice. his show this american life has set the contemporary standard of nonfiction radio shows, and has influenced and inspired countless others to grab a mic and give podcasting a try.	
if you’ve ever struggled with an outdated payroll system, or slogged through a bureaucratic hr department, you can see the appeal of justworks, which offers modernized payroll, benefits, hr, and legal compliance services to small businesses and growing companies. it’s still a growing company itself, competing with legacy giants like adp as well as startups like zenefits, wageworks, and gusto. we talked to founder isaac oates about that classic startup origin story: turning your own business’s pain points into your next business’s product.
	work justworks business
richelieu dennis runs a family business. he, his mother, and his sister named their beauty brand sheamoisture after the shea butter products that richelieu’s grandmother made and sold in west africa. richelieu built his company into sundial brands (acquired in 2017 by unilever), which sells hair and skincare products primarily designed for black women. he also oversees the $100 million new voices fund that invests in businesses owned by women of color, and early this year he bought essence magazine. we talked to him about building a business with a cultural mission, making business decisions with his family, and how he addressed the outcry over a controversial ad.	business
maker faires around the world attract over a million visitors each year. when maker-in-chief sherry huss co-created the first maker faire in 2005, she’d already been organizing tech and media events for nine years. now she’s run 12 years of maker faires, managing a worldwide team while carrying on several side projects. she gave us an extensive look at her work habits, her management techniques, and the process of launching and running each faire. 	work maker_faire
maurice cherry pays it forward. the designer runs several projects that highlight black creators online, including designers, developers, bloggers, and podcasters. his design podcast revision path, which recently released its 250th episode, has won awards from aiga and the creative market awards. he told us about his work process, lessons he’s learned from guests, and all his favorite gear, from professional mics to a 4-in-1 multipen.	design revision_path
patrick moberg has wasted hours of your life, or of the life of someone next to you in a waiting room. his studio dots created the beautiful and addictive mobile game dots (the thinking person’s candy crush), and its sequels two dots and dots &amp; co, all of which are on millions of phones. we talked to him about the game development process, his favorite games, and his children’s book.
	development dots
as a product manager at ibm, anamita guha works on bots, ar/vr technology, and ai—including watson, the most famous ai that doesn’t come packaged on a phone. she also leads analytics for tedxsanfrancisco and serve as a technical consultant to a clinical research lab at ucsf. we talked to her about her work habits, as general as deepening relationships and as specific as color-coding notebooks.
	coding ibm work
for years danah boyd has been watching the internet through an academic lens, studying how society interacts with technology. her recent book, it&#39;s complicated, looks at how teenagers, born into an online world, are navigating social media and whether they&#39;re better off for it.	
brian fox is a titan of open source software. as the first employee of richard stallman’s free software foundation, he wrote several core gnu components, including the gnu bash shell. now he’s a board member of the national association of voting officials and co-founder of orchid labs, which delivers uncensored and private internet access to users like those behind china’s firewall. we talked to him about his career and how he works.
	work career orchid gnu
the culture of basecamp, the small company behind top-shelf project management software, is famously productive and unfrazzled. david heinemeier hansson, aka dhh, is the developer behind basecamp’s eponymous flagship product. he’s also the creator of ruby on rails, the framework underlying sites like hulu, airbnb, github, and early versions of twitter. in his off hours, he’s an international race car driver. we asked him how he works.
	work basecamp
cal henderson is the co-founder and cto of slack, the leading workplace messaging platform, which henderson’s team invented while trying to build an online game called glitch. that wasn’t the first time henderson and his slack co-founder stewart butterfield set out to build a game and ended up with a startup. in the early 2000s, henderson joined butterfield’s team to build game neverending, which spawned the photo-sharing site flickr. he’s been programming (and blogging at iamcal.com) for 15 years.	flickr slack
for over a decade pandora has been streaming music online through customized, intelligent radio stations. with over 1.5 million songs, pandora is providing the soundtrack to many of our lives—i’m using it right now, in fact.
	pandora
when you need a place to stay while traveling, hotels seem practically quaint in the context of current online markets like airbnb. airbnb has quickly become the de facto standard for short term apartment and room rentals, both for renting out and finding a roof to put over your head on vacation.	airbnb
as the lead product designer at whatsapp, charlie deets makes decisions that affect over 1.5 billion users each month. that means solving some unusual challenges, like building a chat interface that even illiterate users can navigate. it also means distinguishing whatsapp’s visual “stories” feature from similar features in snapchat and instagram.	whatsapp design

	susan kare has led a diverse career as a graphic designer, but her reputation is preceded by an early milestone: she designed the indelible icons and fonts for the original apple macintosh. her evocative, lucid, and witty designs set a standard for the graphical user interfaces that followed.	graphic_design design mac apple
if you work with any sort of digital media, whether it be video, photos, vector graphics, humble pdfs, or animation, it’s almost certain that there’s an adobe product in your workflow. so what are the go-to apps for someone who works at adobe?	
since starting at grubhub in 2014, maria belousova has served as vp of engineering, svp of technology, and now as cto, where she oversees grubhub’s technical infrastructure and product vision. previously she’s held tech leadership positions at microsoft and bluefly, and she founded the social media platform davai. she told us about growing up in a family of software engineers, and how she gets her work done without a to-do list.	work grubhub
nine years after winning four silvers and a gold in gymnastics at the beijing olympics, shawn johnson east is joining the investor team on cnbc’s adventure capitalist. in the meantime, she’s released a memoir and ya novel, won an espy and a teen choice award, and competed in dancing with the stars, celebrity apprentice, and a charity episode of who wants to be a millionaire? we asked her how she gets it all done.
	
the internet wouldn&#39;t be the same without caterina fake. in 2004, she launched flickr, one of the largest photo hosting and sharing sites. later, she co-founded hunch, which aims to personalize the web through recommendations and a massive taste graph. caterina is also chairman of the board at etsy, on the board of creative commons, and an active angel investor. (she&#39;s invested in etsy, kickstarter, typekit, and 20x200, to name a few.) her most recent venture is findery, a location-based app that encourages people to leave notes all around the world. (findery is in private beta, but lifehacker readers can skip the queue here!) being dedicated to this many projects has taught caterina more than a few productivity tricks, from the fastest way to get through email to the best workspace for creativity. 	caterina_fake productivity
james altucher is all over the place, and i mean that in the best way. he&#39;s not only an investor, hedge fund manager, and entrepreneur several times over (to the tune of founding 20 companies), but his writing on business, family, health, and creativity shows up everywhere from the financial times to thought catalog. he&#39;s also written 11 (!) books, the newest of which came out just this month. i had to find out how james does it all and still manages to get nine hours of sleep each night. here&#39;s what he had to say. 	james_altucher
in 2005, alexis ohanian started a little site called reddit, which is now one of the most trafficked sites on the web. today, he has more than fifty startups in his portfolio, including evernote, grubwithus, and visual.ly, making him one of the most prominent investors and mentors in tech. alexis is also the founder of breadpig, a &quot;newman&#39;s own for nerds,&quot; hipmunk, which takes the frustration out of booking travel, and a leader of the open internet movement. currently, he&#39;s working on his first book, without your permission: how the 21st century will be made, not managed, to be released next fall. (did i mention he&#39;s only 29?) with &quot;making the world suck less&quot; as his main objective, alexis has learned a lot of helpful tricks along the way. want to know more? he&#39;s answering your questions live for the next hour! 	alexis_ohanian reddit
jet.com president liza landsman was recently promoted from her role as jet’s chief customer officer. she previously worked in executive roles at etrade, blackrock, and citigroup. she’s also on the board of directors of go! project, a new york city-based foundation that provides educational opportunities for children in need. we asked her how she gets her work done.
	
katia beauchamp is the co-founder and ceo of birchbox, the beauty e-commerce site and product-sample subscription box service. since its inception in 2010, birchbox has gained more than 1 million subscribers globally, and 4 million total customers. fashionista.com calls birchbox the “indisputable og of the beauty subscription box phenomenon.” katia lives in nyc with her husband and twin boys. this is how she works.	beauty work
eric o’neill was once a counterterrorism operative for the fbi, where he played a major role in capturing the spy robert hanssen (his boss at the fbi, whom he was hired to spy on—for more on that, check out his wikipedia page). his role in capturing hanssen became the subject of the movie breach (2007), starring ryan philippe as o’neill. 	
carlos watson is a journalist at heart. he got it from his father who, growing up in the jamaican countryside, found the news to be a source of inspiration. carlos made a career for himself in television and news and for the past three years has been pursuing his own vision for media with ozy media.	
marc guggenheim is an accomplished showrunner and television producer, but he is, more than anything, a writer. his work spans many media—from television to film to novels and comic books. he’s even written for video games.	
even if you just pay cursory attention to tech culture online, veronica belmont is likely a familiar face. for almost ten years veronica has been hosting and producing podcasts and videos with cnet, on revision3’s tekzilla, and now engadget’s dear veronica—along with a dozen other projects.
	
matt eaton is an artist in detroit—but his own art is often a second priority. as director and curator of the red bull house of art, matt is an advocate for young, up-and-coming artists, helping to push their talents and promote their work.	
you may not know his name, but you&#39;ve seen his work—for over twenty years aaron blaise worked as an animator with disney to help create some of their most memorable characters. from beauty and the beast to aladdin, the lion king, and more, aaron&#39;s pencil has overflowed with life.	
for years mike rowe has been traveling across the country to meet people whose laborious, often thankless work keeps the world moving forward. and across different shows and different television networks, what has remained consistent is mike’s sincere curiosity and willingness to learn.	
here at lifehacker, we’re big fans of personal finance site nerdwallet, and its suite of tools like the federal tax calculator, credit card matchmaker, and retirement calculator. we talked to tim chen, a former finance analyst who co-founded nerdwallet in 2009 and now oversees a team of 450, about how he works.	personal_finance work nerdwallet
the best credit card isn&#39;t the one your bank offers—it&#39;s the one that pays back the most and costs the least. nerdwallet, a credit card search and filter app, pulls from over 600 cards to find the best candidate.	credit_card
together with vlad tenev, second-generation american baiju bhatt founded the stock brokerage service robinhood, which lets users trade public stocks from their mobile devices without paying a commission or maintaining a minimum balance. their app has over 2 million users. baiju started robinhood, his third company with vlad, when he was just 27. here’s how he works.
	robinhood
brad smith knows karate. not “business karate” or any overwrought metaphor about teamwork; he literally teaches karate. or at least he used to before he became  chairman and ceo of intuit.	intuit
one of the indisputable virtues of the internet is the availability of free online courses that enable anyone to educate themselves. edx is one such outlet, founded by harvard and mit, and offers free, open source courses that are allowing people around the world to get an education that would otherwise be out of their reach.	education
coursera is an online education platform through which you can take courses from some of top educational institutions in the world, covering topics that range from the humanities and arts to computer science and coding. it takes a lot of work behind the scenes, though, to keep coursera’s catalog up and running for their 22 million users while also innovating for the future.	coursera
adam steltzner is on a hunt for the truth. the engineer led the entry, descent, and landing team on the mars curiosity rover project, and tasked with delivering a rover the size of a small car safely to the martian surface, decided that the best solution for final descent was a flying rocket crane. it seems crazy, but it was the right kind of crazy.
	
dropbox seems so simple—drag and drop your files and wherever you go, there they are—but it&#39;s taken a dedicated team of designers and engineers to build out the deceptively effortless service. and one of those dedicated engineers is tina wen.	dropbox
natalie amrossi’s future is up in the air. she left a burgeoning a career in finance to pursue her interest in photography, and now spends most of her time photographing city skylines from rooftops and copters.	photography
technology may come first in silicon valley but it’s no easy task creating the infrastructure in which people can do their best work. arden hoffman has been creating that framework at dropbox, where she leads their human resources team in guiding the company’s internal workings and recruiting new talent.	
google has around 50,000 employees. that’s 50,000 resumes, interviews, and hires to manage and guide as cogs in the large machine that has shaped so many aspects of the internet as we know it today. tasked with recruiting, analyzing, and retaining that talent is laszlo bock.	interview google
the world of personal finance is hard to navigate, but alexa von tobel is making it a lot easier. her company, learnvest, pairs users with certified financial planners who make custom plans for saving, getting out of debt, investing, and more. learnvest also offers a suite of online and mobile tools to help users stay organized. now, alexa is taking her expertise to print—her first book, financially fearless, came out last month. we caught up with the fearless ms. von tobel to talk about time-saving tricks, sleep habits, workspaces, and more. 	learnvest alexa_von_tobel
every overnight success is years in the making. boxing trainer leyon azubuike’s first attempt at starting a gym didn’t pan out, but he went back to work as a private coach and tried again. now his gym, gloveworx, has two l.a. locations and is soon expanding to new york. we talked to him about his career path, his coffee substitute, and how he still runs private training sessions while managing a growing business.
	career work boxing business
it’s olympics season, so we’re ready to talk about the winter x games, baby! specifically the games from ’05 to ’11, when skier grete eliassen won six medals in slopestyle and halfpipe. since january 2017 she’s been president of the women’s sports foundation, which ensures women’s access to sports programs. we asked her about how she gets her work done.
	work x_games sports
if you enjoy spending time in the outdoors skiing, snowboarding, ice skating, or enjoying other snow sports and don&#39;t like wearing a full ski-mask you can protect your face by sewing a fleece insert into a bandanna that you wear on your face. 	snow_sports skiing snowboarding
if you do a lot of painting using commercial plastic paint tray liners add a lot of convenience to a dull task. they&#39;re not terribly expensive, around $1 each, but you can get the same results by lining your painting tray with aluminum foil; this should cost around nine centers per liner. 	painting aluminum_foil
if this has seemed like an extra long week to you, you&#39;re not alone. we don&#39;t know whether it&#39;s the cold or just a typical end-of-january slump, but either way we&#39;ve almost made it to another weekend. hang in there for a few more hours and in the meantime, feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
stove hood filters are one of those things that people forget about cleaning regularly because they don’t usually see them. but they can get pretty nasty, and even dangerous, if you don’t take the time to clean them.	cleaning filters
let’s face it. even if you just tear into freshly baked brownies with your fingers, they’re going to be delicious. but sometimes, you need to cut them cleanly without tearing them up. enter the plastic knife.
	brownies
reddit user j-mt recommends keeping an open box of dryer sheets under the driver&#39;s seat of your car. not only will this keep your car smelling fresh, but if you feel a bit less than fresh after a heavy meal or hanging around smokers you can grab a dryer sheet and rub it over your clothes for a quick freshness pick-up. 	dryer_sheets
if you’re trying to find the best places to hit the slopes, look no further. these are the top 10 skiing and snowboarding destinations in the u.s.	skiing snowboarding snow
if you&#39;re a serious skier, then you know getting a ski pass is worth it.  this infographic compares two of the top ski passes so you can decide which one you want this winter.  	ski_pass infographic
two years ago on thanksgiving, after finishing our turkey lunch catered by the senior home my grandmother annie was living in, i took out my iphone and hit “record.” my grandma was 88, her health declining, but she was having a good day with all her family visiting. so i moved my chair close to her and asked the questions i had planned. i wanted to hear about her past, the stories that had been seared in her memory, the moments that had shaped her.
	family thanksgiving
holidays and vacations with family can be stressful.  this is especially true if you&#39;re traveling with those who knew you as a kid and still expect the dynamic to be the same.  here are some steps you can take to establish yourself as an adult and survive the family trip.	family travel
we go on vacations to relax. then we proceed to drive ourselves crazy dealing with endless reservations, airport hassles, jet lag, and other annoyances. this year, let&#39;s plan out that vacation without all the stress. 	vacation stress
routine can be attractive and certainly has its uses, but life is no fun without a little spontaneity. if you&#39;ve always wanted to visit a new place or just get the hell out of dodge, make it happen. here&#39;s how to make great, spontaneous travel plans on a budget. 	travel fun how_to
traveling is enough of a headache without worrying about extra baggage that you could have done without. while there are some things that you just can&#39;t leave behind, there are other items that can fill several roles, and packing them can make any trip a smoother one. 	travel packing
keyword bookmarks are my absolute favorite time-saving firefox feature. i use them literally hundreds of times a day—a good system of keyword bookmarks saves all kinds of time in the browser. unfortunately chrome isn&#39;t so friendly to keyword bookmarkers.	chrome keyword_bookmarks
there&#39;s no shame in admitting that you occasionally google yourself; it&#39;s worth keeping an eye on what the internet has to say about you. but if you&#39;re manually searching your name on google, revisiting blog posts you&#39;ve commented on to see if anyone&#39;s replied to what you&#39;ve said, and searching for (non-@)mentions of your company on twitter, you&#39;re wasting a lot of time. instead of sitting in front of your computer for an hour a day just to satisfy social curiosity, you can automate the process—and turn your ego search into an ego watch, instead. here&#39;s how.	ego_search search twitter google
 wi-fi at the hotel may be as essential as hot running water these days, but unfortunately not all hotel chains offer travelers free or reliable wireless internet. in its annual report, hotelchatter breaks down which hotels serve up free wi-fi and which ones charge you for that signal. 	travel wi-fi hotels free wireless
 want to stay connected above 10,000 feet but don&#39;t want to pay the premium? here&#39;s how to get in-flight wi-fi at a discount or even completely free.	free
even with the best air travel tips, sleeping well on a long flight isn&#39;t easy. lifehacker australia editor angus kidman discusses his well-traveled tactics for getting sleep on long flights.	travel air_travel sleep
wise bread blogger sharon harvey rosenberg wanted to check some email at new york city&#39;s laguardia airport, but, like most airports, found herself hitting a paywall with the name &quot;boingo&quot; attached to it. rather than pay a king&#39;s ransom for the time until her flight, she found free coupons at a gift shop, and, after that code didn&#39;t work, found that calling customer service snagged her a 15-minute code with just a simple request. worth keeping in mind if other tactics, like quick url hacking, don&#39;t pay off. [wise bread] photo by alex-s.	airport free
blogger felix geisendorfer points out a clever url hack that scored him free wi-fi at the atlanta airport.
	wi-fi free
readers offer their best tips for getting free wi-fi at the airport, avoiding accidents at intersections, and cooling down your car on a hot day. 	tips

	public wi-fi networks—like those in coffee shops or hotels—are not nearly as safe as you think. even if they have a password, you&#39;re sharing a network with tons of other people, which means your data is at risk. here&#39;s how to stay safe when you&#39;re out and about.	wi-fi
nobody likes to receive an automatic response to their email. it&#39;s frustrating for anyone to take the time to craft a message and end up relegated to a computer script. that said, sometimes auto-responders are useful and have their place. here&#39;s how to use them effectively so you get your message across without being annoying. 	email
when you return from a vacation it&#39;s easiest to sink slowly back to work by tackling small projects, but psychology today suggests a better option might be to take advantage of your clear mind and hit the ground running on big projects.	vacation work back_to_work
have you ever thought you need a vacation after your vacation?  studies show the stress of a trip can leave you worse off than if you didn&#39;t take one in the first place.  because we have so little paid time off in america we try hard to make our vacations count, but we need to do that without sacrificing our well-being.	vacations
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and a guide to using its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	stoic
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and a guide to using its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	stoic
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and a guide to using its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	stoic
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and a guide to using its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	stoic
despite its quirky humor and overly lit sets, the good place manages to tackle some of the biggest moral quandaries life has to offer each episode by teaching lessons with some very real philosophy. watching through it, i can’t help but feel like the show makes for an excellent, if basic, intro to moral philosophy class. here are a few examples of important concepts you’ll learn from the show.
	philosophy
making new friends as an adult is hard. however, you might have more options than you think. if you know some people you haven’t talked to in a while, call them up again to make new friends.	friends adult
we’ve previously looked at how you can de-troll your internet, but software developer shlomi fish offers up a different and very interesting approach. shlomi found that the best-selling book feeling good: the new mood therapy—a book that teaches cognitive therapy—offered up effective solutions for dealing with the internet’s most embittered vocal minority.	
those of us who write online tend to have a very specific mental image of what the standard internet troll looks like. their typical dwelling involves a wood-paneled basement, usually in the home of a parent. their uniform is unwashed terry cloth, and their skin is the translucent white of a prehistoric deep sea fish. less often considered, though, is where in the country they actually are.
	internet
i love twitter even though my replies are filled with people calling me an idiot. i use it to follow the news and make stupid jokes, but i can barely tweet about politics without an army of anonymous trolls spamming my notifications. now  twitter is finally giving users some new tools to keep the trolls our of your mentions.	twitter trolls
it’s not a secret that people are mean on the internet and, if you live your life online in any appreciable way, you are most likely going to experience some sort of online harassment, and it will most likely suck. there are, however, some steps you can take to bounce back.	internet harassment online
twitter added some new mute filters this week in hopes of making the platform safer—and more pleasant—for users.	twitter
if you’ve ever looked at someone’s selfie and thought “they are so vain,” you might be making an unfair assumption. a recent study suggests most selfie-takers aren’t into themselves any more than normal people.
	
iphone: the only thing better than using social media is not using social media. that’s why there’s binky, which is sort of both.
	social_media
you wouldn’t think something that keeps us all connected breeds loneliness, but a new study suggests that social media could be what’s making you feel more isolated.
	social_media
no, you’re not just imagining it: average seat sizes have shrunk over the past 20 years. according to flyersrights.org, a nonprofit advocating for passengers’ rights, the average economy-class seat is 17 inches wide, compared to 18.5 inches in the early 2000s. the average space between a seat and the seat in front of it, also known as a seat’s pitch, has also decreased from 35 inches to 31 inches, with some airlines even decreasing legroom to 28 inches. and, to top it all off, airlines are filling their seats at higher rates than before. here’s how each airline compares in their space-saving, with data from seatguru and usatoday:
	airlines
airlines are cramming more seats on planes, which means less legroom and narrower cushions. last week, lawmakers proposed the seat egress in air travel (seat) act. if passed, the faa would have to come up with standards for airlines’ seat sizes. in the meantime, it helps to know what you can expect from airlines.
	airlines seats
face masks can be expensive, but the experience of putting something on your face that will (hopefully) change the texture of your skin—and make you feel like a fancy spa patron—is incredibly satisfying. luckily, there are diy versions of most masks that can be made with household items, for a whole lot less cash. below, our guide to the wide world of diy mask options, including ingredients to avoid and what each ingredient does:
	face_masks face
a few hours watching the discovery channel can prompt extreme survival fantasies involving frog licking and urine drinking, but what basic skills would you actually need to survive in the wilderness? here&#39;s a look at the basics you need to become an adult boy scout straight from a cadre of survival experts. 	survival
if you’re lost out in the wild, finding a source of drinkable water is one of your number one priorities. these four pesky little bugs might actually save your life.
	water
wasps, hornets, yellowjackets, and bees all have a lot in common, but there are plenty of ways to tell the difference between them. if you’re not sure what’s causing that constant buzzing out in your yard, these tips will help you find out. 	bees hornets yellowjackets wasps
if you have an old t-shirt and a few wire hangers around the house, you have everything you need to make this tent for your cat in about ten minutes. sure, you want your cat to have toys, but cat accessories aren’t cheap and they’ll just end up in an empty box anyways. make your own.	
if your dog or cat is stressed out, plop them down in front of the tv to watch these movies designed to keep their attention and calm them down. oh, and they’re narrated by david tennant.	stress
in his speech announcing that he intends to pull the us out of the paris climate accord, president trump said that he was “elected to represent the citizens of pittsburgh, not paris.” and yet, as i sit here just outside pittsburgh, i get this feeling that he’s  not acting in my and my neighbors’ best interests.
	paris pittsburgh trump climate
environmental issues often feel too massive for a single person to make any sort of difference—and that’s partially true. it’ll take a lot more than recycling. still, there are plenty of small, realistic things you can change in your own life to do your part while the rest of the world catches up.
	environment
whether you&#39;ve made plans with someone, have to go to that work thing, or been invited somewhere and expected to show up, you sometimes just need a way out.  whatever it is, it&#39;s not always a bad thing to cancel plans.  as much as you&#39;d like to be perfect, you can&#39;t be, and sometimes you just need to give yourself a break and say no.	
have you ever found yourself dreading a leisurely activity you had eagerly scheduled days or weeks in advance? i first caught myself doing this a few years ago when i was traveling home to turkey. i had excitedly made plans to meet up with some old friends. but to my surprise, as the date approached, i started to feel reluctant and unenthusiastic about these long-awaited reunions.	
it&#39;s sad to see a good thing end, which is why most of us feel a little down on sundays. you&#39;re suddenly aware that monday is looming, and you begin to feel a sense of dread. even if you enjoy your work, the anxiety can really bring down your day. this weekend, plan ahead and nip those sunday blues in the bud.	anxiety weekend work sunday monday
making a minute-by-minute itinerary for your weekend might sound like a great way to get the most out of your days off, but a recent study suggests that it actually makes everything you do less fun.
	
whether enjoyed indoors or out, though, vodka-infused melon balls will be a hit at your next gathering.	
it&#39;s not hard to keep your garbage disposal clean, but if it could smell better too, there&#39;s no reason to cut up a lemon or buy a cleaner just for the job. these disposal cleaning cubes give the blades something to chew on and smell great at the same time.	cleaning garbage_disposal
you might think of a plumber as someone who drives around with a tool box to fix your leaks, but their role in building design and infrastructure directly affects much more than just your dripping faucet.	
you’re at a friend’s house when nature calls. so you take care of business, then flush the toilet—and nothing happens. after a quick scan of the bathroom, you realize there’s not a plunger in sight. here’s what you do.	bathroom
nobody likes a clogged toilet. while you might think you just need a plunger and a strong arm to unclog a toilet, the art of manliness points to a few plumber tricks that make unclogging your toilet a little more pleasant. 	toilet
dry lips are a drag. not only do they make kissing less fun and lipstick harder to apply, they’re worrisome and painful. picking or biting dry spots is a bad plan—you’ll end up pulling off healthy skin—but a nice, gentle scrub can exfoliate, plump, and get your lips into kissing shape.
	lips
makeup removal wipes are super convenient when you&#39;re in a rush or you&#39;re just tired at the end of the day and realize you still need to get your makeup off. but if you find commercial makeup removal wipes too expensive to justify, this diy version may be just what you need.	makeup diy
while there’s never truly a “good time” to poop in a crowded, cramped metal tube hurling through the sky at 500 miles an hour, some times are more comfortable than others. here’s what a professional flyer recommends if you’re worried about privacy and being considerate to other passengers.
	poop
you can learn a lot from the samurai way, including how to poop more effectively.  as writer will black discovered, you just need to reposition your leg.	poop
i like to spend my one wild and precious life arguing with strangers in twitter reply threads. but i want them to be real strangers, not bots, spammers, or fake identities. i don’t want to waste any of my over-wrought insults and smug dunks on a fake account. and since bots make up 15% of twitter users, that can take some research.
	twitter bots
while mobile safari does most of what you&#39;d need from a smartphone web browser, and there are many alternatives that fill in the gaps, we prefer chrome.  google&#39;s browser offers excellent features, synchronization, and simplicity at no cost.	
there’s no shortage of great web browsers for android, and which one you use is largely up to personal preference. if we had to pick one however, we think chrome is your best bet for speed, support across devices, and integrated features.	web_browsers android browsers
firefox: sick of having to start a completely new session (and get rid of your old one) just for private browsing? firefox extension private browsing window starts your private session in a new window without closing old ones, like chrome&#39;s incognito window.	firefox
we&#39;ve looked at other disposable email services, like meltmail and spambox, but trashmail provides a huge amount of control over your disposable addresses and you can create them quickly, without visiting trashmail, using a firefox or chrome browser extension.	email spam firefox chrome browser
if you look at social media a lot, as i do, you might be startled by how many of your fellow americans were...unbothered by nazis and white supremacists marching in charlottesville two weeks ago. in the days after the clashes in virginia that led to the killing of heather heyer and the beating of deandre harris, a good number of people popped up in my social media feeds, countering that “antifa” and black lives matter activists were equally as violent as the nazis and white supremacists who came to a “peaceful” rally armed with semi-automatic weapons.
	social_media
misusing statistics is one of the most powerful ways to lie. normally, we teach you how to avoid misinterpreting statistics, but knowing how numbers are manipulated can help you spot when it happens. to that end, we’re going to show you how to make data say whatever the hell you want to back up any wrong idea you have.	statistics
we all lie sometimes, whether you&#39;re seeking to hide your true feelings about someone&#39;s fruitcake or a housing a deep, dark secret. nonetheless, most of us don&#39;t enjoy being dishonest and you don&#39;t have to be. by utilizing misdirection, you can lead others to believe a lie without ever telling it. 	misdirection
midterm elections are on november 6th—are you registered?
	election
the presidential race is just one of dozens on the ballot this november. the house and senate are up for grabs, and there are local elections for everything from school boards to judges. your vote is likely to make a difference at these levels, and the results are more likely to affect your life directly. don’t wait until election day to sort it all out.
	elections
today is voting day, but just because you&#39;ve been too busy to research all the different candidates and propositions in your area it doesn&#39;t mean you can&#39;t still make an educated choice. here&#39;s how to catch yourself on everything you need to know in the time it takes to eat breakfast. 	voting
with the republican party presidential primaries beginning in just two weeks, the already difficult to track political race is about to get even more complicated. if you&#39;re not a political junkie but you still want to keep yourself informed, it&#39;s not hard, and we have a few tricks to keep yourself in the know without being overwhelmed.	political
 dear lifehacker,

i&#39;ve been trying to get my city council to pay attention to some issues in my neighborhood that have been going on for a while now. we have a dangerous intersection that desperately needs a four-way stop, and the trees and bushes at the intersection make it really had to see oncoming traffic. we&#39;ve written letters, but all they say is &quot;we&#39;ll look into it.&quot; how can i get them to sit up and listen to us? 	city neighborhood letters council top
google’s making it a bit easier to get a glance at your state ballot information and to find your polling place for this year’s election. 	google
news feeds like facebook’s shape how you see the world. algorithms behind those sites determine what news is important enough for you to see. their goal is to improve the relevance of the stories you read, but they have a nasty side effect: they control the flow of information, and you wind up in an echo chamber where you only hear ideas you agree with.	news_feeds facebook
we all make bad decisions sometimes, but have you ever wondered what mental obstacles can lead you astray? this infographic goes over 20 of the most common cognitive biases that can mess with your head when it’s decision time.	cognitive_biases cognitive_bias
even if you&#39;ve never embarrassed yourself by unknowingly spreading an urban legend as fact to friends and family, you&#39;ve at least been on the receiving end of one of these misinformed messages. next time an email, tweet, or link seems a little fishy, here&#39;s how to spot it before your itchy trigger finger sends it to all your friends or followers.	how_to email
election season is drawing near and with that comes the dreaded political conversations with family and with friends. these debates don&#39;t have to all bad news and provided you and the person you&#39;re talking with are willing to come to an understanding on a few simple rules you can have a healthy, educational discussion.	debates discussion conversation
whatever your thoughts on the election or the presidential candidates, the best voter is an educated voter—and it’s important to remember there’s more at stake than just the white house. these tools will help you find out what, and make the best decision in the voting booth.	voting
everyone has a gmail account. we’re all used to archiving, labeling, and marking bad senders as spam, but you probably still spend a lot of time in your inbox, especially if your work uses gmail. here are ten tips that’ll save you time and make getting to inbox zero a little easier.	gmail
 if you&#39;re really lucky, not a ton of spam makes its way into your inbox. email providers have never been better at blocking it and filtering it to your spam filter without you lifting a finger. however, you still probably get newsletters you&#39;ve tried unsubscribing from, updates for services you don&#39;t use, or notifications from who may have used your address to sign up for something. here&#39;s how to deal with the spam that consistently makes it through your filters.	spam email filters
gmail is the best email client around, and chances are you use it all day, every day. it&#39;s also filled with tricks, shortcuts, and time-saving tools you can use to kick the crap out of your email. today, we&#39;re going into exhaustive overdrive, covering all our favorite gmail tricks, both old and new. even if you already consider yourself a gmail ninja, there&#39;s bound to be something here you haven&#39;t yet discovered. 	gmail shortcuts email
you should read mat honan&#39;s heartbreaking tale of a hack attack and the ensuing discussion on techmeme. much of the story is about amazon or apple&#39;s security practices, but i would still advise everyone to turn on google&#39;s two-factor authentication to make your gmail account safer and less likely to get hacked. 	security two-factor_authentication google
google just launched two-step verification for all google accounts, a system which makes your google/gmail account—the account possibly containing the lion&#39;s share of your private communication online—considerably more secure. in fact, we&#39;d encourage everyone who uses gmail (the @gmail version or your google apps version) as their primary email provider to start using this feature as soon as possible. here&#39;s why, and then how. 	google two-step_verification email google_account gmail
gmail is amazing. it&#39;s chock full of more shortcuts, settings, and features than you could shake a stick at. even if you consider yourself a gmail ninja, though, there are quite a few tricks you might not know about (and some that google didn&#39;t even intend). here are our top 10 clever tricks built right into gmail. 	gmail google feature top
readers show us their best tips for hosting files in gmail, using contacts as a to-do list, and clearing all traces of your dns cache.	tips
readers tell us how they separate work and play with different browsers, keep track of their dynamic ip addresses with gmail, and avoid long waits for the bathroom.	
gmail just picked up another desktop-like drag-and-drop feature, less than a month after giving attachments that convenience. starting in chrome, and coming to other browsers soon, you can now drag pictures into messages to embed them in a message.	gmail pictures chrome top
starting today, google chrome and firefox 3.6 users can drag and drop attachments into gmail messages without hassling through the slow, kind of annoying manual file upload. gmail has also increased their support for google calendar with a new invitation feature.	gmail google google_calendar attachments
it&#39;s arguably apple&#39;s greatest skill: making your previous gear look obsolete next to their new releases. so what do you do with your devices after they&#39;ve been made redundant? here&#39;s a handful of ways to reuse that spare, older-gen iphone.	iphone reuse
for a cool $1000, you can buy the sonos bundle 150 and wirelessly play music from a single remote control in two separate rooms in your house. on the other hand, for about $100 or less if you&#39;ve already got the right equipment, you can get the same functionality from your iphone or ipod touch. let&#39;s take a closer look at how to use the itunes remote application for the iphone 2.0 with inexpensive equipment you may already have to remote control music playback wirelessly in any room in your home.	music how_to remote_control wireless iphone_2.0 itunes ipod_touch




click to viewa year-and-a-half ago, we showed you how to turn your $60 router into a highly configurable $600 router with dd-wrt, a free, open source firmware. since then there&#39;s been a lot of development of open source firmwares, and today we&#39;re taking a look at my new favorite, a firmware called tomato. tomato does almost everything dd-wrt does—from wi-fi signal boosting to quality of service bandwidth allocation—in addition to offering a simplified interface chock-full of fancy charts and graphs. sound good? let&#39;s get started.	how_to router wi-fi
of all the great diy projects at this year&#39;s maker faire, the one project that really caught my eye involved converting a regular old $60 router into a powerful, highly configurable $600 router. the router has an interesting history, but all you really need to know is that the special sauce lies in embedding linux in your router. i found this project especially attractive because: 1) it&#39;s easy, and 2) it&#39;s totally free. 	router diy
already bought a book and don&#39;t want to buy it again to read on a portable device (like the ipad)? consider transforming an old digital camera into a diy digital scanner for less than $20.	diy camera digital_camera
 if you&#39;ve ever wondered how to digitize your book collection, this how to video from youtube user carl youngblood shows how he scanned in one technical book on latex.	book
check out this week&#39;s most-awesomest, must-check-out downloads from lifehacker:	downloads
all systems: the next version of ubuntu&#39;s linux desktop, due out april 28, will feature some really big changes, including a very new desktop shell running unity, a &quot;test drive&quot; for apps, and a default libreoffice installation. try it all out and see how it runs with the public beta.	ubuntu linux
canonical&#39;s latest endeavor, somewhat confusingly called ubuntu light, is an instantly-on-and-connected netbook and desktop solution. it&#39;s new &quot;unity&quot; ui sports many of the features mac users have come to know and love, built for easy browsing and window management.	ubuntu top
android: while android allows you to run multiple apps in the background, it doesn&#39;t have the best method of switching between apps quickly. dock4droid brings a swipable dock, not unlike ios&#39; fast app switching, to your android phone.	android
 if you&#39;ve wondered what all the talk about near field communications (nfc) is all about, you can get started experimenting with it today if you have an android device that supports it.	android near_field_communications nfc
timesheets aren&#39;t the most enjoyable way to keep track of how many hours you&#39;ve worked, but lifehacker reader seeräuber jenny has a gmail tracking system that saves all the important details without the added edge and stress.	gmail work
windows only: shellnewhandler is a small, installation-free tool that cleans up and eliminates programs and files from your your windows context menu&#39;s &quot;new&quot; shortcut, providing quicker access to the ones that you actually use.	windows
 clever do-it-yourselfer and iphone owner nathan barry flipped over the black plastic packaging his phone shipped in, and cut out a section with a sharp craft knife to turn it into a stand. then he installed the iphone alarm clock application, and uses the phone in stand on his night table. barry writes:
	iphone

	the command line can be quite powerful, but typing in long commands and file paths gets tedious pretty quickly. here are some shortcuts that will have you running long, tedious, or complex commands with just a few keystrokes.	command_line




for those of you who prefer automating your computer maintenance on a schedule, the how-to geek weblog explains how to automatically de-crapify your pc nightly. setting it up takes little more than creating a scheduled task in the windows task scheduler, but it&#39;s a great way to regularly clean out your pc with a set-it-and-forget-it routine. for more automated maintenance, check out how to set up a self-repairing hard drive.
	how_to maintenance scheduled_task
by gina trapani	
netbooks aren&#39;t the fastest computers, but they can be useful—as long as they&#39;re usable. if you want your netbook to work and feel like a real computer rather than a toy, i can&#39;t recommend lubuntu enough—it makes my netbook feel like a whole new machine. 	ubuntu lubuntu netbooks
if you&#39;ve been meaning to try out linux but felt too overwhelmed, we&#39;ve got all the info you need to get started. here are our five lessons on getting a working linux partition up and running. 	linux
on some systems, ubuntu and other linux systems will install as if they they had always been right there on your system. other times, there&#39;s a piece missing. here&#39;s how to patch up the last piece (or two) of your system if not everything&#39;s working right off. 	linux
another week, another 10,080 minutes. if you find the week dragging on, just retreat to your happy spot for a bit, refresh yourself, and dive back in. and while you&#39;re at it, feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread.	open_thread
the world is awfully big and you never know what you might find out there. it helps if you&#39;re willing to poke your head into new places once in a while. so dive right in, fellow life hackers, and feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
it&#39;s almost the end of another week and with just a few more hours to go, it&#39;s time to shake off the drowsies! pour another cup of whatever perks you up and feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
sometimes you just need to blow off some steam and what better way to do that than with some energetic play? feel free to talk about anything you want (and don&#39;t forget to bob and weave) in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
sometimes you just need to change how you look at things a bit to break through whatever might be blocking you. so try a change of perspective and while you&#39;re at it, feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
feeling a bit stale after a long week? we totally understand. grab a breath of fresh air and hang in there just a little while longer. in the meantime, feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
lazy? bored? just feeling a bit tired from a long week? we understand and we&#39;re here to help. feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
some of us are better at blending in than others. but there&#39;s no point in hiding any more—you&#39;re among friends. feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
it&#39;s almost the end of another week, so keep your head up for a few more hours. in the meantime, feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
you won&#39;t get anywhere great if you don&#39;t take some chances, so go out on a limb today and try something different. who knows? you may find your new favorite thing. in the meantime, feel free to talk about anything you want in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
it&#39;s cold out there, life hackers! find a good place to stay warm and join us for this week&#39;s open thread. feel free to talk about anything you like—or don&#39;t like, for that matter. 	open_thread
it&#39;s almost the end of another week and hopefully a relaxing weekend awaits you. we&#39;re wishing you fair weather and the wind at your backs. in the meantime, feel free to talk about anything you want to in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
it&#39;s almost the end of another week and hopefully a relaxing weekend awaits you. why not go ahead and unwind a little early, though? we won&#39;t tell. feel free to talk about anything you want to in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
a new year is in full swing and now that the excitement of the holidays are over, we&#39;re beginning to hear the whispers of promise that the coming months may hold. whatever you can dream, you can do, so show some determination and feel free to talk about anything you want to in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
another year is almost done and many of us have some things we&#39;d like to change about ourselves. share those new year&#39;s resolutions or talk about anything else you want to in this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
if
 you want to squeeze every last ounce of processing power out of your 
new (or aging) computer, overclocking is a great—if slightly 
nerve-racking—option. here are some simple guidelines for safely 
overclocking your processor.	overclocking
netbooks run basically the same os as your desktop pc, but their portability and low cost mean that they&#39;re made to run a bit slower. by overclocking you can push it just over the speed bump to where it&#39;s a bit more usable. here&#39;s how to overclock your atom-based pc or netbook. 	how_to overclocking netbooks speed top
building a hackintosh—that is, installing macos on non-apple hardware—used to require extremely restricted hardware choices and quite a bit of know-how. now your options are vast and the installation process is fairly simple. with that in mind, here is our always up-to-date guide to building a hackintosh that will walk you through purchasing compatible parts, building your machine, and installing macos all on your own.
	hackintosh mac apple hardware macos
it&#39;s no secret that we&#39;re huge fans of the simple but powerful autohotkey scripting language, and we use it religiously to automate windows tasks and save time. here&#39;s a handful of useful scripts and tricks to help you become an autohotkey expert.	autohotkey windows
after we showed you how to disable the caps lock key, reader philipp wrote in with his unbelievably geeky use for the otherwise pointless key—by using it to help navigate while editing text.	text
lots of folks are having trouble accessing gmail today, and today&#39;s outage is just one in a long series of outages in our favorite webmail application. however, you don&#39;t have to let that stop you from accessing your email and getting things done. here&#39;s how to get your gmail even when you can&#39;t access gmail.com. 	gmail email outages
google acknowledged on its apps dashboard and gmail support page that gmail and hosted google apps mail were down for at least some users last evening and early this morning in pdt time. nothing on the scale of the two-and-a-half hour february outage, but notable, as always, as evidence of the need for alternate access solutions—like other ways to get into gmail and enabling offline gears access. were you affected by the outage? found a way around &quot;we&#39;re sorry&quot; screens? tell us in the comments. update: gmail goes down a second time this afternoon. again, we&#39;d recommend trying an alternate way to get to gmail when your account&#39;s down and turning on offline gmail in the future. google emphasizes that imap and pop access still work. [via techcrunch]	gmail offline
early-rising east coast users had a bit of trouble getting to gmail this morning, starting at roughly 3am pacific time. i couldn&#39;t get into my gmail or lifehacker (google apps) accounts myself at that time, and google&#39;s confirmed the outage at the apps status dashboard. it lasted only 20 minutes or so, but it&#39;s not helping to relieve some angst about rolling outages. having offline gmail enabled, or at least using a locally-backed-up client, is starting to seem like a pretty necessary measure. (thanks to joao for the screen grab)	outages gmail offline_gmail
ever since that brief but petrifying gmail outage (and my ensuing freakout), i&#39;ve been &quot;backing up&quot; gmail messages via pop using thunderbird.	gmail pop thunderbird
this momentary lifehacker freakout brought to you by google, inc: ohmygod where did gmailgo ihave triedagainevery30seconds for30minutesnow wtfamigoingtodowithoutthetipsemail?!!!	google gmail
by gina trapani	
the quick file thunderbird extension lets you file emails into folders quickly and easily.	thunderbird
the tb quickmove extension for thunderbird moves messages to folders using a key combination you define.	thunderbird folders
all platforms with mozilla thunderbird: add gmail-like capability to thunderbird with the free gmailui extension.	gmail thunderbird
dear lifehacker,	
all platforms running thunderbird: t-bird extension mailredirect redirects (&quot;bounces&quot; or forwards without the fwd) multiple messages at once to another email address.	thunderbird email
windows only: utility gexodus helps you make the switch to gmail by forwarding all your current offline email to your new gmail address.	gmail email windows
by gina trapani	
linux: why clutter up your desktop with separate terminal windows for every task? learn to love gnu screen, the terminal multiplexer, which essentially adds &quot;tabs&quot; to your terminal window. here&#39;s how to use it, and tweak it to be even better.	terminal windows linux
reader gabriela2400&#39;s desktop uses the gaia customization set to completely revamp the linux interface into a beautiful work of art, complete with wallpapers, icons, and a custom gtk theme.	linux customization wallpaper icons
the new version of internet explorer finally adds a new tab page that shows your most recently used sites, but sadly you can&#39;t customize the display from the options panel. what you can use, however, is a registry hack.	internet_explorer registry

 we waste a ton of time every day clicking through menus and typing repetitive text. autohotkey is a simple tool that eliminates that waste, allowing you to turn just about any action into a simple keyboard shortcut. here&#39;s your guide to getting started. 	autohotkey
the no thick manuals wiki has a nice introductory tutorial for automating windows with the easy-to-learn autohotkey scripting language. while many of you likely have no programming experience, you&#39;d be surprised at just how much you can do with ahk without any prior experience. the tutorial introduces several basic autohotkey commands by building a keyboard shortcut to look up selected text in the dictionary (sort of a universal dictionary shortcut). interested in more autohotkey? you can use it to speed through your email and your blogging (or just try texter, which is written in ahk).
	autohotkey programming windows tutorial
by adam pash	
it&#39;s no secret that i&#39;m a big fan of the open source scripting software autohotkey, having made mention of it in both my repetitive email and gmail master features.	autohotkey feature
windows only: text substitution app texter saves you countless keystrokes by replacing abbreviations with commonly used phrases you define.	texter text text_substitution windows
by nick santilli	
windows only: lifehacker&#39;s very own text replacement application texter has enjoyed a significant new release boasting all kinds of bug fixes and snazzy new features.	texter windows
click to view	
by keith robinson	
blogger colin d. devroe is going on a diet and he&#39;s joining with other bloggers for support. he&#39;s also making use of technology like blogging and flickr to help keep the group motivated. if you&#39;re looking to lose some weight this summer and you&#39;re looking for some friends to do it with, head on over and join the blogger&#39;s diet.	diet
livescience.com offers some advice for a healthy lifestyle.	health
windows only: instantly blank out your desktop and all of your running apps with dropcloth, a windows copy of previously mentioned mac-only app backdrop.	desktop top windows
i do lurve me some firefox (tabbed browsing....mmmmm), but it can be the biggest memory hog. technology site zolved.com has a few suggestions on how to curb this problem, including:	firefox memory
by adam pash	
windows only: clickwhen lets you set up an automated mouse click to run on a window after a user-defined period of time.	mouse windows
by adam pash	
it’s the time of year where we all give thanks, and among many other things, we here at lifehacker are thankful for all the free apps out there that improve our lives (and the developers that make them!) here are 50 of our favorites.	free
chrome is overtaking firefox among power users, and for good reason. it&#39;s an incredibly powerful, extensible web browser with tons of excellent features. today, we&#39;re covering it all—from longtime shortcuts to the latest features in one of our favorite web browsers. 	chrome shortcuts web_browsers feature
 your browser of choice may have changed a lot in the past year, but luckily the best extensions for making your browser better have kept up with all the most popular browsers. here are our cross-platform, must-have favorites.	extensions browsers
last time we compiled our must-have firefox extensions, it was two years (and one browser version) ago. our new list keeps some, tosses others, and remains our go-to, grandmaster list of the best firefox add-ons.	firefox_extensions firefox firefox_extension add-ons
click to viewif ever a software application was built to be more than itself, it&#39;s mozilla firefox. over the past 2 years we&#39;ve tried, loved and posted dozens of feature-adding extensions for our favorite web browser. but today we have the master, grand daddy list of 10 must-haves.	feature firefox
yet another reason to love the indispensable auto copy firefox extension: it automatically fixes wrapped urls in webmail.	firefox urls
another blogger&#39;s helper: the autocopy firefox extension places any text you select on web pages onto the clipboard automatically.	firefox
the tiny menu firefox extension compresses all the fox&#39;s menu items into one pulldown, which can save infrequent menu item users&#39; vertical real estate by combining the navigation toolbar with the menu area, as pictured. reader chad writes in how:	firefox firefox_extension
google updated gmail, and now we&#39;re following up with better gmail 2, a firefox extension that adds features to the new gmail interface. like its predecessor, better gmail 2 is a compilation of greasemonkey user scripts that add features to gmail, but better gmail 2 works with gmail&#39;s overhauled interface. we&#39;ll maintain the original better gmail extension separately from better gmail 2, for users still rocking the older version. however, if you&#39;ve got the snappier gmail interface enabled and you&#39;re ready for some tweaks courtesy of scripters far and wide, hit the jump for the better gmail 2 firefox extension download.	better_gmail firefox gmail greasemonkey user_scripts
dang, gmail really is stepping it up these days. first imap support, and now a new version&#39;s rolling out which includes message pre-fetching for speedier performance, a new contacts manager, and more keyboard shortcuts. the official gmail blog writes:	gmail




click to viewless than two years after their beta release, yahoo mail has begun rolling out of beta after releasing an onslaught of innovative feature improvements along the way. on the other hand, a whopping three years into their beta release, gmail remains one of the most popular but stagnant web-based beta email apps around—and most of gmail&#39;s innovation since its release has come in the form of third-party hacks and extensions. the short of it: google makes a great beta, but with gmail they&#39;ve been much too slow to actually take the application to the next level. let&#39;s take a look at some of yahoo mail&#39;s killer out-of-the-box features in comparison to what gmail is offering.	email feature gmail google yahoo yahoo_mail




click to viewwhen it was first introduced, google talk had a lot of stiff competition in the instant messaging realm. then google integrated chat directly into gmail, built a web-based version of google talk that&#39;s even better than their desktop version, and topped it off with chat logs baked directly into and searchable inside gmail. as a result, google talk has claimed a whole lot of im converts. if you&#39;re one of them, though, you probably still have a lot of contacts who use other services, like aim, yahoo, and even (gasp!) msn. today i&#39;ll show you how to chat with all of your instant messaging buddies—with all the benefits of gmail and web integration—using google talk as a universal chat application.	aim chat gmail google_talk how_to instant_messaging top
previously mentioned google talk gadget has integrated a new group chat feature for your google talk contacts.	chat google google_talk
google talk, long a fixture in gmail, can now be added to your google homepage as a gadget.	google_talk google google_homepage
yahoo!&#39;s releasing unlimited mail storage this week, which means the disk usage progress bar will disappear from y! mail accounts on a rolling basis. unlimited storage is an amazing idea, but once apps like gdisk for y! mail start popping up, i wonder how they&#39;ll curb abuse. my disk usage meter is still there - how about yours? 	yahoo
mac os x app gdisk turns your gmail account into an internet hard drive.	gdisk gmail
by adam pash	
by adam pash	
windows only: the free, open source google reader notifier keeps an eye on your google reader feeds and notifies you of new items (who&#39;d&#39;ve thunk).	google_reader windows
mac os x only: freeware app google reader notifier plugs into your google reader account and alerts you of new, unread items.	google_reader alerts mac_os_x
mac os x only: if you&#39;ve grown accustomed to new mail notifications from the gmail notifier, you may be excited (as i was) to learn that google has released a new and improved notifier, henceforth to be known as the google notifier.	google gmail mac_os_x
by gina trapani	
windows/mac/unix (firefox): the google reader notifier firefox extension sits in your statusbar and gives you a glimpse at the unread feeds and folders from your google reader account.	google_reader firefox
firefox with greasemonkey: add &quot;search all feeds&quot; capability to google reader using google co-op and the custom search user script.	google_reader firefox google greasemonkey user_script
blogger and google reader frontend tech lead mihai parparita has released a terrific greasemonkey script that adds a feed icon to the upper right corner of your browser window for one-click subscription to google reader.	google_reader greasemonkey
you can easily integrate google reader feeds into your gmail with this simple greasemonkey script from google blogger mihai parparita:	google_reader gmail greasemonkey


click to viewgmail&#39;s good, but it could be better. we&#39;ve featured several greasemonkey scripts that enhance gmail in lots of different ways - like adding saved searches, attachment icons, label colors, keyboard macros, a filter assistant and right-click conversation previews. but not everyone wants to install greasemonkey and hunt down all those scripts. to save you the time, i&#39;ve compiled the best greasemonkey scripts for gmail into one handy firefox extension, called better gmail. after the jump, put your gmail on steroids with better gmail.	gmail better_gmail firefox_extension
by adam pash	
the gmail drive shell extension - which accesses your gmail as if it were another hard drive on your computer - has been updated today.	gmail
firefox extension customizegoogle is a google enhancement that lets you do all sorts of, obviously enough, cool customizations to google pages.	google customize firefox
greasemonkey script gmail encrypt adds encryption to the emails you write in gmail.	gmail email encryption greasemonkey
click to viewi love and use the gmailthis bookmarklet at least once a day, whether i&#39;m emailing an article to a friend or bookmarking a web site with gmail. but since i love me some keyword bookmarks and i love shortcutting things as thin as i can get them, today i&#39;m releasing the supercharged gmailthis bookmarklet.	gmail email
by adam pash	
the gmail date search greasemonkey script adds a search by date button to gmail&#39;s search form.	gmail greasemonkey search
firefox extension draganddropupload, in case you haven&#39;t guessed, lets you drag and drop files into upload fields in web forms.	firefox
firefox extension gtdgmail integrates your getting things done implementation directly in your gmail account.	getting_things_done firefox firefox_extension gmail gtd
holy offline access, batgirl! google releases google gears, an application that lets web sites store their data on your local computer using only your web browser. google reader is already supported - read your feeds on the plane! - and word on the street is that gmail and google docs is to come. screenshots after the jump:	google google_reader offline




as reported late last night, some gmail users are seeing imap support appear in the settings area of their account. this morning google confirmed: imap just launched, and if you&#39;re not seeing it yet (like we&#39;re not, boo-hoo!) you will soon, as they are &quot;rolling it out to everyone in the next few days.&quot; what does imap mean and what&#39;s the implication for you iphone users? image by news blog.	gmail google imap iphone
macworld writer jennifer berger switched from pop to the imap protocol to retrieve her email from several different computers and she isn&#39;t looking back:	imap email
this week i had the great pleasure and opportunity to present at the web directions north conference up in vancouver about better gmail, the community-built firefox extension that i compiled here at lifehacker. if you&#39;re interested in the full story behind the extension, above you can check out the slide deck i used during my talk, and after the jump, a rough transcript of the presentation that goes along with it.	better_gmail
by gina trapani	
firefox with greasemonkey: force youtube to always bring you to the high-quality version of a web video with youtube hq, a simple but great user script.	youtube video greasemonkey
now that firefox is on a rapid release cycle, we&#39;re getting a new version of firefox every three months—and each time, it becomes more tricked out than ever with new customization options, shortcuts, and convenient features hidden away in its menus. today, we&#39;re covering it all—from longtime shortcuts to hidden features from the latest version of firefox. even if you&#39;re already a firefox fanboy, there&#39;s bound to be something in here you haven&#39;t noticed before. 	firefox shortcuts feature
by adam pash	
 dvd players are so 1999. in this day and age, a custom media center running xbmc is the only thing you really need hooked up to your tv—whether you&#39;re watching movies you&#39;ve ripped, streaming your favorite tv shows from netflix and hulu, listening to podcasts, or even playing video games. this guide will tell you everything you need to know to create an awesome, customized, do-anything media center with xbmc. and, if you&#39;ve already hopped on the xbmc bandwagon, it&#39;s sure to show you a thing or two you didn&#39;t already know. 	media_center xbmc media video movies tv_shows netflix hulu video_games
openelec aims to make home theater pcs as much like your dvd player as possible, using a lightweight, instant-on version of xbmc that updates itself for a maintenance-free media center. 	xbmc home_theater_pc media media_center
one of the best parts about xbmc, the kickass customizable media center software, is its browser-like extensions. if you&#39;ve ever wanted to incorporate watching tv, listening to podcasts, or playing video games to your xbmc box, this is how it works.	xbmc media_center video
unfortunately, blu-ray discs aren&#39;t supported by default in our favorite media center application, xbmc. sure, you can rip blu-rays, but that takes forever, and you want to watch it now. here&#39;s how to enable blu-ray playback in xbmc.	xbmc blu-ray media discs
windows vista&#39;s user account control security &quot;feature&quot; - which i like to call sir obnoxious naggy mcnag - is bound to drive any power user batty within an hour of downloading, installing and configuring your favorite programs. if you hate vista for asking you every single time you try to do something if you&#39;re sure you want to, then disable user account control. the how-to geek&#39;s got the details:	vista security windows_vista
so you&#39;ve created a kickass, play-anything media center with xbmc, but it&#39;s a too hard for your less tech-savvy friends and family members to use. here are a few ways to make your home theater pc so easy that your four year old could use it.	xbmc media_center family friends
xbmc is by far our favorite media software, letting you create a kickass, customizable, play-everything media center right on your tv. one of its coolest features is the ability to completely overhaul the interface with different skins, and while there are more skins and layouts than we could possibly show in one gallery, we&#39;re showing off four of our favorites today. check out the gallery above to see a few screenshots of each skin. and, remember that each skin is customizable in its own right—which means that the media layouts in the gallery are only one of many. if you like the way a skin looks even a little bit, install it to xbmc and play around with it to see everything it can do. 	xbmc skins media_center
finding the right tool to track your to-dos is highly personal, and one person&#39;s best is another&#39;s junk—but there are some that are better than others. the best offer great syncing and scheduling options, great apps, notifications and reminders, or just the right mix of features and flexibility that make it easy to stay organized. here are five of the best, based on your nominations. 	to-do to-dos feature
 you may have listened to a lot of music when you were younger, but between work, social requirements, and paying the bills, the joy of discovering new music is one of those things that&#39;s often pushed to the back burner. luckily internet services abound for discovering, trying, and buying new music. unfortunately, your choices can be a little overwhelming, not all tools fit your needs, and few of them actually integrate with one another. here&#39;s how to work new music into your life in a post-mp3 age, from discovering it to integrating it into your library. 	music
dear lifehacker,

spotify just updated with a new &quot;artist radio&quot; feature, but it&#39;s pretty limited. is there any way i can get a more control over those recommendations, like in itunes genius or pandora? 	spotify recommendations
streaming music is great, but you&#39;ve probably heard songs you just have to own, or you an artist or band you&#39;d like to support by purchasing their music. doing so on the big stores is cheap and easy, but there&#39;s a world of smaller music stores with interesting music you should check out too. let&#39;s take a look.	music music_stores
the music industry has changed a lot since mp3 players came around. now we have thousands of digital stores, streaming services, blogs, and artist curated websites dishing out free music all the time. it&#39;s easier than ever to create a massive music library without spending a dime. here&#39;s how to do it. 	music free
just because you don&#39;t have a smartphone doesn&#39;t mean you can&#39;t take advantage of google voice. here&#39;s how to tweak your phone and google voice settings to (almost) perfectly integrate google&#39;s service with your device.	google_voice google
android: if you don&#39;t want to use google voice to manage your sms messages on the desktop, desksms will let you manage them from gmail, gtalk, a speedy web interface, and even a chrome extension—no number porting required. 	sms android top
bittorrent isn’t the quiet haven it once was. these days, everyone’s looking to throttle your connection, spy on what you’re downloading, or even send you an ominous letter. if you use bittorrent, you absolutely need to take precautions to hide your identity. here’s how to do that with a simple proxy.	bittorrent downloading
 usenet is a wonderful service for finding and downloading digital media, giving you speed and reliability you won&#39;t find with other file-sharing options—like, say, bittorrent. here&#39;s a quick guide on setting up and getting started with usenet.	usenet
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;ve heard people murmur about &quot;private&quot; bittorrent trackers and how they&#39;re so much better than sites like the pirate bay, but i don&#39;t really know what a private tracker is. does it just increase my privacy? i have a demonoid account, but i never use it. should i be? 	bittorrent bittorrent_trackers privacy
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;ve done lots of research about my internet service provider&#39;s relationship with my utorrent activity, but i still don&#39;t feel entirely confident in my knowledge about what they see. what does my isp see when i&#39;m torrenting? what if i&#39;m encrypted, or under a vpn? many of your articles talk about how to stay safe/secure/private, but don&#39;t always go completely behind the scenes. can you help clear this up? 	
even if you’re a windows fan, you’ve probably thought about trying os x. maybe you’d like to test drive os x before switching to a mac or building a hackintosh, or maybe you just want to run that one killer os x app on your windows machine. whatever your reason, you can actually install and run os x on any intel-based windows pc with a program called virtualbox. here’s how.	mac os_x windows virtualbox hackintosh
you&#39;re probably aware that 64-bit and 32-bit versions of your operating system exist, but apart from ascribing to a bigger-is-better philosophy, you may have no idea what separates the two. the question: should you use a 64-bit version of windows, and why?	windows 64-bit
you don’t have to like every food. but certain food aversions are very inconvenient when you’re out in the world. writer amanda mull, for example, wishes she didn’t hate cucumbers. so she talked to dietician and therapist ellyn satter. the trick is to only partly eat the food:
	food food_aversions
one of the most common goals many of us have (beginning of the new year or not) is to start &quot;eating healthy.&quot; that&#39;s easier said than done for those of us who don&#39;t enjoy the usual healthy foods or are simply picky eaters. whether you have the taste palate of a toddler or are bored to tears by health food, a few simple tricks could help get started eating better. 	health food eating goals
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;m trying to save money by bringing my lunch to work, but i&#39;m already sick of the same old sandwiches. is there something i can do to get out of this lunch rut and make brown bagging actually work for me? 	lunch
here&#39;s an ingenious way to make sure you eat salad everyday: make jars of salad on sunday night that you can just grab to bring to work. if you layer the ingredients correctly, the salad stays fresh for up to four days. 	
i am a secret picky eater, so much so that at a recent friendsgiving dinner, i refused to eat the turkey and other holiday dishes and instead ate nothing but bread with hot sauce. my hosts are still talking to me for some reason, but other hell eaters out there should take care not to follow in my incredibly rude footsteps.
	
being a gracious dinner guest means finding polite ways to navigate prickly parts of the event—whether that’s minimizing awkward conversations or finding the right way to pass on a dish that makes your stomach churn. if you’re headed to someone else’s home for the holiday feasts this year, here’s how to turn down food you don’t want to eat without coming across as rude.	food
we all have that one friend or family member who&#39;s a constant drain on our energy. you want to keep that person in your life (or have to), but you could do without the huge amounts of stress. while you can&#39;t change who someone is, you can do a lot to remove the dysfunction from the situation. whether you&#39;ve got one or many high-maintenance people in your life, here&#39;s how to handle them. 	how_to life
it&#39;s that time of year. office holiday parties are coming up, families get together for the holidays, and we slowly start to dread the fancy, formal parties that flood our calendars. don&#39;t worry! as long as you know what to expect, formal affairs aren&#39;t difficult. with a little knowledge and some common sense, you can even enjoy them. here&#39;s how.	formal parties
in this episode we’re talking about dinner: what you should make, how you should make it, and why the idea of “dinner” is fraught for so many of us. we talk with melissa clark, staff reporter for the new york times food section and author of the new cookbook dinner in an instant. we also chat with dave arnold, the founder and president of the brooklyn-based museum of food and drink and author of the book liquid intelligence. and we spend quality time with claire lower, lifehacker’s food editor and the mastermind behind the “will it sous vide” column.	dinner
marissa ross, the official wine columnist for bon appétit and author of the book wine. all the time: the casual guide to confident drinking, joins us in the studio to talk about (what else?) wine: how to buy it, how to talk about it, and most importantly, how to enjoy drinking it.
	wine
this week on the upgrade we spoke with author and meditation instructor sharon salzberg.
	the_upgrade meditation
your music library is precious. it&#39;s full of hard-to-find tracks, ripped cds, and rare downloads. it might also be a mess. it can be easier to look up those songs on spotify than enjoy the high-quality audio files you own. luckily, there are some great free tools to clean it up and make sure that never happens again. let&#39;s check out the best.	music music_library downloads
this is your friendly weekend entertainment concierge reminding you that black panther was released on netflix on tuesday. if you’ve already seen crazy rich asians and eighth grade and blackkklansman, you should stay home, invite a couple pals over, make some spicy prosciutto spread, and watch it. it’s so infrequent that a recent, good, see-it-more-than-once oscar contender (yes, even with the “popular film” category being withdrawn) is available for subscription streaming.
	netflix
black panther. tuesday.  if you need anything else to watch, next gen (friday, sept. 7), an animated kid-and-robot-vs.-the-bullies feature starring john krasinski, jason sudeikis and charlyne yi looks kind of fun. its tagline is “friendship is the ultimate upgrade” which, having just gotten airpods, i take issue with—but the movie’s probably decent nonetheless.
	
if you haven’t watched season 1 of ozark, the southern gothic thriller starring jason bateman as a crooked-but-well-intentioned dad who moves his family to missouri to launder cash for a mexican cartel, then you have a few days to mainline it before season 2 drops on friday, aug. 31. it’s good! the entire show looks like it was shot through the instagram “walden” filter! there are many businesses that would be described as “seedy milieus” and many characters that would be described as “colorful”! and it’s just suspenseful enough to distract you from the fact that it’s labor day weekend and your favorite season is coming to a close.
	
updated aug. 14, 2018, 4:41 et: a representative from netflix reached out to us after publication to say that pinky malinky “will no longer be arriving on 8/17...currently, i do not have a new date for the title.” so, there goes our recommendation for this week. guess you’ll have to watch evan almighty. our condolences.	netflix
news has been making the rounds this week about the netflix secret request feature, which allows users to suggest  movies and tv shows that aren’t currently available for streaming. the request page is hidden in netflix help center, which is probably the reason why most users weren’t previously aware of it.	netflix tv streaming
your netflix viewing history can be both a blessing and a curse. the app keeping track of what you’ve watched in the past helps it make some more educated suggestions about what you should watch in the future when you’re bored and need some help deciding, and it can also help you remember what the name of the awesome movie was you stumbled across two weeks ago.
	netflix
a few years ago (7 now, actually - yikes!) i moved across the country, a time zone away from my family and most of my friends. moving across the country comes with a number of challenges, but the biggest of those ended up being the whole friends thing. going from a decently large network of friends to knowing that one guy i hung out with at a party a few years ago caused some serious fomo when my friends back home were going out or having a movie night.
	
most netflix users have a queue of movies and tv shows on their watch list, but finding things to put on that list can be a bit of a challenge.
	netflix movies
t-mobile customers are about to get some free video streaming perks, as long as they have the right plan. the wireless carrier’s latest promotion offers current t-mobile one customers with two or more lines a free standard netflix subscription, even if you’re already a netflix subscriber.	netflix t-mobile
if september fills you with back-to-school nostalgia, you’ll probably be pleased by the many  throwbacks coming to netflix next month. sharpen some new pencils as vincent vega plunges a syringe into mia wallace in pulp fiction! cover your textbooks while todd anderson climbs onto a desk in dead poets society! make a bagged lunch as a refrigerator lurches after sarah goldfarb in requiem for a dream! wow, the ‘90s were dark.
	netflix
season two of netflix’s master of none is  thoughtful, funny, and often quite touching, but mixed in the fray is an episode that portrays the awkward world of online dating better than anything else out there. and, as it turns out, there are some great lessons buried beneath all that cringe-y humor.
	dating online_dating netflix
great news if you’re the sort of person who just wants to kick back and watch movies on your laptop when you’re flying. the netflix app for windows 10 now supports offline playback, meaning you can download shows and movies and save them for when you don’t have wi-fi.
	netflix movies shows offline
hulu’s cutting its subscription price, just in time for the fall television season, and right after netflix’s own subscription price hike. the best part? both new and returning hulu subscribers can take advantage of the promotional discount.	hulu
netflix is raising prices for two of its three streaming tiers. the middle plan, which allows hd streaming on up to two devices at a time, will rise from $9.99/mo to $10.99/mo. the high plan, with 4k streaming on up to four devices at once, will rise from $11.99 to $13.99. the cheapest plan (one screen, standard def) is still $7.99.
	netflix streaming
the spookiest month of the year is nearly upon us, and that means netflix is once again shaking up its streaming video offerings, adding some anticipated and downright scary season sequels while kicking some of the most beloved comedy shows on tv to the curb.
	netflix streaming_video streaming
finding a podcast is easy; finding relevant episodes is harder. if you want to find, say, all of paul f. tompkins’s guest appearances, or podcast episodes about the russian revolution, try the podcast search engine listen notes.
	search
binge watching is america’s new favorite pastime. i mean, what could be better than plopping on the couch to watch a tv show from start to finish in the course of a day? but one study is trying to ruin the magic for everyone.
	tv binge_watching
nothing ruins getting to bed on time like a good binge-watching session. if you want avoid those late nights and lost afternoons, these are the shows that are most likely to keep your eyes glued to the screen, according to netflix.	netflix
netflix is great at providing a lot of things to watch, but sometimes it seems like there&#39;s almost too much.  if you have a hard time actually getting to the things on your list—or find yourself watching the same things over and over—these tips can help.	netflix
i ditched cable tv roughly a decade ago and currently use hulu (and netflix and hbo now) as my primary way to stay up to date on all things tv (which arguably i’m still not super caught up on). hulu’s new live tv option has been tempting to me, and now it just got a bit more attractive with the news that the company is bringing its live tv option to macs and pcs.
	tv hulu
hulu has always had a weird business model. you can watch most of its content for free, pay extra to get the latest stuff, and pay even more to watch without ads. now the free tier is going away. for the most part.	hulu
if you’re a hulu subscriber with a 4k-capable gaming console, you can now stream select shows and movies in 4k. right now their ultra hd offerings include some original hulu shows as well as the entire james bond oeuvre. that and more in today’s news.	news
austin city limits is this weekend, featuring performances by gorillaz, milky chance, the black angels, joseph, and more. it’s a pretty solid lineup.
	austin_city_limits
amazon’s offering a big discount on sonos’ play:1 and play:5 speakers from now until october 10th, or as long as supplies last. you can save $50 on the play:1, and $100 on the play:5 if you order through your alexa-enabled device —or snag one online, using the offer code sonosplay1 or sonosplay5. 	sonos alexa
bad news, sonos customers: to lay the groundwork for its upcoming voice assistant support, the company is asking users to agree to an updated privacy policy, one that includes both mandatory data collection rules and a mention about future device functionality. should you disagree with said policy update, your device’s basic functions could stop working, according to consumerist.	sonos privacy
the amazon echo offers our first serious glimpse into the future of an intelligent home. it’s not perfect, but whether you’re you’re thinking of getting an echo, hear people talking about “alexa,” or not sure what the one you have is capable of, here are some of the best things you can do with it.
	amazon_echo alexa amazon
google home owners will probably be talking to their living rooms a lot more thanks to an update that lets the voice assistant make phone calls to the u.s. and canada. it’s one of many recent updates granting the smart home device more features and compatibility with other services.
	google_home smart_home phone_calls
i recently purchased a few smart bulbs and have plans to expand my collection of smart lights. i did notice a small inconvenience during setup, however: it was hard to tell which bulb was which without staring into an app. so i added a visual aid to my bulbs using emoji stickers. it’s a lot easier to see the “banana” light is out instead of trying to figure out which bulb is “hue living room bulb 7” while your ceiling fan is off.	emoji
you can purchase a smart lock that you control with your phone easily enough, but it’s much more fun to actually make one yourself. youtubers hacker house make one with a raspberry pi. 	raspberry_pi
automator is one of the easiest ways to automate tasks on your mac, and the ability to record mouse actions makes it so just about anyone can create their own workflows within seconds. wildfire is a chrome extension that attempts to bring a similar feature to chrome.
	chrome
an automatic firmware update broke lockstate’s internet-enabled “smart locks” for around 500 customers earlier this month, including around 200 airbnb hosts who use the locks to remotely manage rental access. customers have to replace their locks or ship them back for repairs. (the locks can still be operated with a physical key.)
	smart_locks locks
about a month ago, i picked up a training lockpick set. i’ve always been curious about how lock picking works and how difficult it really is. in the process of learning, i discovered not only how easy it was, but how to look beyond the lock when it comes to protecting my home.	
there&#39;s more to hiding your valuables than making them hard to find. whether you&#39;re hiding a money stash from burglars or secret documents from an enemy spy, here are a few tips anyone can use to keep something under wraps. 	valuables burglars hiding
a decent bike lock can be the difference between cruising home and hoofing it. not to mention the blow it can deal to your wallet. this bike lock will give you the most bang for your buck, and it’s what seasoned bike thieves would use on their own rides.	bike
yesterday, google announced a slew of new products, from a pair of google home voice assistant variants to the new pixel 2 and pixel 2 xl smartphones. those new voice assistants, like the $49 google home mini and the $399 google home max, make music playback throughout the home simple—so you’re going to want to hook up to a music streaming service. google play wants to be the streaming service of choice for all google devices. with added features designed to entice google home, chromecast, and android users, here’s why it’s worth your consideration over other services like spotify.	google google_play spotify google_home
google announced a pair of new smart home speakers on wednesday in an effort to compete with devices from amazon and apple. the search giant now offers a pint-sized google home mini for $49 and a powerful google home max for $399, along with its original $129 google home.	google amazon apple
google assistant, the new intelligent, conversational virtual assistant, is sadly only officially available for their new pixel phones. however, with a little tweaking, you can get it—and all of assistant’s powerful search and chat features—on any phone running android marshmallow or higher. here’s how.	google_assistant google android feature
we love android, but rooting your phone can give you the opportunity to do so much more than your phone can do out of the box—whether it’s wireless tethering, speeding it up with overclocking, or customizing the look of your phone with themes. here’s what you need to know about the rooting process, and where to find a guide for your phone.	root android
android is one of the most open, versatile, and customizable mobile operating systems out there. you may think you don&#39;t need to root your phone, but you&#39;d be surprised at how much more you can accomplish with a little work. here are 10 reasons rooting your phone is worth the hassle.	android
android 4.2 comes with a few cool new features, one of which is a new camera and gallery app with a new interface and the ability to create &quot;photospheres.&quot; here&#39;s how to get it on a rooted, non-4.2 phone.	camera android_4.2 android
although still considered jellybean, google updated android to version 4.2 today and added several great new features including gesture-based typing, multiple users, and actionable notifications. 	android google jellybean
the nexus 7 may not come with a stock camera app, but a clever hack over on xda brings it back—and even allows it to record 720p footage. provided you&#39;re rooted, of course. 	nexus_7
 if you&#39;ve ever thought &quot;i wish my android phone would do [x] whenever [y] happened&quot;—for example, text your significant other whenever you leave work; silence your phone when you walk into a movie; or turn on your ringer when you wake up in the morning—tasker makes it possible. 	android tasker ringer
android phones allow users to grab apps outside the official market, but it usually involves either usb transfer or some tricking browser navigation. lifehacker reader cinnamonster points out the smarter solution—use the dropbox file syncing app to grab installers.	android dropbox installers file_syncing
 tasker, our favorite tool to customize and automate your android phone, updated today to roll in another of our favorite tools, the previously mentioned tasker app factory, which lets you build stand-alone apps out of your tasker actions. now you only need to install one app to unlock all of the power tasker offers. 	tasker android actions
what if your phone automatically went silent when you step into the movie theater? texted your significant other when you finished your long commute? or automatically turned down the volume when a particularly loud friend called? it can; here&#39;s how.	
 if you&#39;ve become a bit bored with the way android looks and works, miui is a completely different android experience, bringing a beautiful ios-like interface, blazing speed, and tons of extra features to the android operating system. 	android speed
automation app tasker gives you the tools you need to turn your smartphone into a fully-automated superphone. now we&#39;d like to see what great things you&#39;ve done with it.	tasker automation
 if you handle your to-dos mostly on your android phone, you may have a to-do app with timed reminders. if it&#39;s the reminders that are the important part of the app and not the to-do list, you may be able to get by using tasker as your memory jog, freeing you of one more app on your phone or one more service you have to sign up for. 	android reminders to-dos tasker
last week, we showed you how to install adb and fastboot on any os. if you&#39;re not sure why you&#39;d want to go to the (relatively minor) trouble, here are just some of the useful things you can do with these two handy tools.	adb fastboot
if you’ve ever tried to root your android phone or flash a rom, you may have heard about adb and/or fastboot. these two tools are surprisingly powerful, but can be a bit overly complex to install. here’s how to do it the easy way.	android root adb fastboot
chrome: adb is a handy tool for managing your rooted android device. while it’s never been easier to install adb on any os, adb for chrome makes it even easier by installing directly to your browser.	chrome adb android root
android nougat has officially dropped and now the wait begins. if you’re the impatient type, however, you can skip ahead and download the latest android hotness right now.	android_nougat android
traditionally, if you want to really customize your android experience, you have to root your phone and flash a new rom—essentially a whole new version of android—that has the features you want. if you don&#39;t want to go that far, or you only want to tweak specific parts of android, you have another option: it&#39;s called the xposed framework, and you can use it to customize your phone from top to bottom, all without flashing a new rom.	android xposed_framework xposed feature
google may be playing catch up with the amazon echo, but google home already has a bunch of third-party services that can add features to your smart home speaker. some are garbage, but we found the best ones that you should try out.	google_home google services feature
today, google announced the pixel 2 and pixel 2 xl, sequels to its original pixel smartphones. the two phones would seem to be identical—save for the larger screen on the pixel 2 xl—and they both run android 8.0. you might be thinking of upgrading from the original pixel to the pixel 2, but before you shell out $649 for the cheapest 64gb model when it becomes available on october 19, check out what’s changed since the pixel debut last october.	google android smartphones
i’ve got a nice pair of over-the-ear, noise-cancelling headphones that i wear almost every day. thing is, i wear them for so long they often develop their own damp, humid atmosphere. and sometimes they get a little smelly. gross, i know, but i’ve found an easy solution.
	headphones
i am not an audiophile, but i do love convenience. and comfort. and it is quite inconvenient when you just want to use your headphones to drown out the subway and find yourself tangled in a cord like an invasive weed, or when the sound is dominated by the rustling stethoscopic vibrations of said cord. it is more convenient to have no wires at all. if you are also a fan of convenience, perhaps you should try some wireless bluetooth headphones.
	headphones bluetooth wireless audio
sometimes all i need in this crazy world is a brisk walk to clear my head and some good music bumping through my headphones. but when that simple pleasure is interrupted every morning by my partner issuing voice commands while i’m out of the house, silencing the music in my headphones, it can be a tad frustrating. it’s especially irksome when the root cause is the multiple user preferences of my google home, a voice assistant that is there to, ostensibly, make my life a little easier.
	google_home google
you’re trying to follow the google maps directions to a place you’ve never been before, and just as things start to get complicated your mom texts. a few seconds later you’re put on a group email with everyone at the office and the new message notifications start flying in, as do more texts from your mom who wants to know why you haven’t responded to her first text yet. you begin to regret ever teaching your mom how to text.
	
ios 11 is now available for download, which means you can upgrade one of your many ios devices to get features like a smarter siri, a new app dock on the ipad, and improved multitasking support. it also means you’ll be downloading the first version of a major software upgrade, which isn’t the best idea, especially on launch day. issues ranging from slow download speeds to frozen devices often plague the first version of new operating systems, and the potential for something to go awry on day one should be enough to make you consider waiting until apple irons out the kinks.
	ios_11 ios ipad
the iphone x’s full-screen display may be the first thing you notice about the new device, but apple’s upgraded front-facing camera deserves your attention, too. maybe even more so.	iphone_x apple
it’s september, and that can only mean one thing: apple just announced some new iphones. this year, the company unveiled the iphone 8 and 8 plus, which launch later this month, alongside an overhauled iphone x set to arrive in late october. 	iphone_8 iphone_x apple
it’s iphone day, so get your wallets ready! apple’s set to announce a trio of new iphones, one of which, the high-end iphone x, is rumored to cost a cool thousand dollars. there are also well-substantiated rumors of a new lte-equipped apple watch. of course, if you’re not at the event being held in the brand new steve jobs theater (part of the company’s new futuristic apple park headquarters), you can keep up with the apple news in more than a few ways.	apple apple_watch
dear lifehacker,

every since i got a smartphone i&#39;m using it constantly. it dings, i respond. it entertains me in the car, in the shower, and even when i&#39;m actually with other people. i feel like i&#39;m extremely connected with technology and disconnected from reality. what can i do to use my phone without acting like an addict? 	




best-selling author tim ferriss offers digital minimalism tips to reduce the amount of time you spend in your email inbox.	email
click to viewyour boss needs the updated powerpoint presentation file by tuesday. your spouse wants to know how many vacation days you&#39;ve got left this year. your co-worker needs your office pool picks. everyone gets task requests via email all day long, and it&#39;s so easy to let these messages slip through the cracks. whether your inbox is stuffed with two-year-old fwd&#39;d kitten photos from aunt edna, or if you empty it every day and diligently file away actionable email to a &quot;to-do&quot; folder - it&#39;s still not easy to track the messages you&#39;ve actually got to do something about using email.	email
how do you know whether you’re getting the right things done at work? you might want to ask yourself what you’re leaving undone.	work
setting aside time to focus on projects that require intense concentration can be tough if your day is filled with meetings, emails, and shoulder tapping from colleagues. scheduling blocks of time to dedicate to this “deep work” can help you make more progress.	work
batching things like email, returning phone calls, and processing paperwork is a great way to stop small tasks from slicing up the productive parts of your workday. you can apply the same batch-mentality to distractions.	distractions distraction
there’s a hundred things to keep track of in a typical work day, and even more to get done. and trying to accomplish everything at once typically means you’re less productive than you’d like to be. you can’t, for example, listen to and comprehend your coworker’s presentation while writing an email to your boss about a new project you’d like to take on—your ability to do one or both will suffer.	work
no plans this labor day weekend? here’s one thing you should consider doing, courtesty of amena brown, a poet and author:
	
“can i buy you a coffee and pick your brain?” what caused this delusion among the advice-needing people of the world that the going rate for an hour-long professional consultation is a three-dollar beverage? why do we all try this early in our careers (and if we work in biz dev, our middle and late careers)?
	career advice
when you have to make a big decision in your life, you might feel inclined to ask others for advice. while advice can be comforting, you’re probably better off getting information that you can use to make the right decision for you.	advice information
you’ve been meaning to respond to someone for a while now. actually, it’s past the acceptable amount of time to answer, so you let it go. and go. it’s eventually been so long you assume you will never be able to make contact with this person again—until you need something.	
chrome and firefox: there are plenty of reasons you might not want to give out your real email address when signing up for a site or service. maybe you’re really big on privacy; or, more likely, you just hate spam, and figure the fewer places that know your real email address, the better.	email privacy
if you&#39;ve ever tried to sign up for more than one account somewhere but needed a second email address, the digital inspiration blog has the brilliant solution: taking advantage of gmail ignoring periods in your email address.	email gmail
want to automatically assign email filters on the fly? the modern day alchemist, aka super gmailer, shows us how:	gmail
reader jonathan sent us this snazzy graph he made comparing different disposable email services, which got us wondering: what do you use to keep your primary email address out of the public (and spammer&#39;s) eye?	email spam




guerrillamail is an anonymous web service that provides you with a temporary email address—perfect for web sites that you don&#39;t want to communicate with you but require email registration. generate an email address and reload the home page to view any incoming messages. the 15-minute timer displays the amount of time you have remaining until your email address expires, but you can extend your time if necessary. the concept is not much different from previously mentioned 10-minute mail, 2 prong, or the army of similar temporary email services—though guerrillamail even has a (paid) script to host this application yourself, which could come in handy if the guerrillamail.info domain name gets banned. whatever service you choose, temporary email addresses can really keep your regular inbox spam-free.
	email




web service 10 minute mail throws its hat into the disposable email address ring. 10 minute mail offers free email addresses that last for only 10 minutes — perfect for forums and signing up for porn sites that you think will sell your email address. 10 minute mail does not require any registration and does not force you to use a password. unlike reigning champ 2 prong, 10 minute mail does not automatically copy your temporary email address to the clipboard. 10 minute mail is a simple tool for creating expiring email addresses. thanks, michael!
	disposable_email_address email
web site 2 prong is an anonymous registration web site designed to keep your real email address safe on all those web sites that require an email address for registration.	email
 windows only: experience the popular ribbon user interface from micorosft office 2007 in your free, light text editor with notepad 2008. notepad 2008 most closely resembles the lightweight wordpad with the ability for users to change font sizes to format their text, but with the added options to customize the display of your text editor with one of three different appearances. the ribbon interface displays all features of notepad 2008 onscreen so that no menus are needed. notepad 2008 is a free download for windows only.
	text_editor notepad windows
in this week’s installment of tech 911—our regular column that troubleshoots your most pressing tech questions (which you can and should send us here)—we’re taking a look at a classic issue with a peculiar twist: spam. 	tech_911 spam
most of us know spam when we see it, but seeing a strange email from a friend—or worse, from ourselves—in our inbox is pretty disconcerting. if you&#39;ve seen an email that looks like it&#39;s from a friend, it doesn&#39;t mean they&#39;ve been hacked. spammers spoof those addresses all the time, and it&#39;s not hard to do. here&#39;s how they do it, and how you can protect yourself.	spam email
priority inbox is one of gmail&#39;s best unsung features. it&#39;s amazing at curing email overload, but if you don&#39;t give it a chance to learn, all it&#39;ll do is muck up your inbox. here&#39;s how to get it working properly. 	email_overload gmail priority_inbox how_to email
dear lifehacker,	
whether it&#39;s the surreal stylings of nigerian scammers or confusing subject lines of pill pitches, spam email can be oddly amusing. we&#39;d like to hear which missives from your spam folder have made you crack a smile.	email spam
the bum economy has been torture on retirement savings, and even folks who thought they&#39;d saved well for retirement are considering going back to work rather than withdrawing funds in a down market. finance web site kiplinger suggests an alternative.	retirement savings
 earlier this year, we highlighted the then closed-beta pandora-inspired movie recommendation web site jinni. now the service is open for anyone looking for a good flick to fit their mood.	recommendation
the last time i checked my spam folder, i noticed a few messages included an unsubscribe link. well that’s nice, i thought. maybe spammers realize that some people will never respond, so they want to trim their lists for efficiency. i clicked “unsubscribe.” that was a mistake.
	spam
ios, android: you have a few options if you’re looking to superimpose your face (or your friends’ faces) on the next big meme. you can go the south park treatment, where you slap an oversized cutout of your own head over the head of whoever is in the gif you’re trying to mess with. that’s easy, even though it looks a little crude.
	gif android ios
sometimes things are just better said with a gif, but adding a gif to an email exchange is sometimes easier said than done. this week gyftcat released a gmail add-on that eliminates the hassle and makings adding gifs to emails you send to everyone from your boss to your bff easy to do.
	gmail gif email
it’s been speculated for some time that google has been working on some updates for the web-based version of gmail, and the company is officially moving from tease to truth with its early-morning announcement today.	gmail google update
there comes a time when enough is, quite simply, enough. i had been putting off the task of organizing my sprawling gmail inbox for months, if not years. but when lifehacker told me that we were going to have a spring cleaning week, i knew it was time. and i wasn’t going to waste precious hours trying to find apps or tools to do the task for me. i needed to ron swanson my inbox—roll up my sleeves, jump in, and manage the mess manually.	gmail spring_cleaning_week
if you haven&#39;t heard yet, gmail is rolling out a new tabbed interface for the inbox on both desktop and mobile. at first glance, this looks great for email organization. on further inspection, these new tabs are confusing as hell. here&#39;s how to make sense of the new tabs and customize them for your own filters.	gmail how_to filters email inbox
inbox zero: it&#39;s the impossible dream that gets further and further away as you let your emails pile up, but you don&#39;t have to get stuck with the clutter. thanks to an awesome webapp called mailstrom, i finally got my thousand-email inbox under control in an hour. here&#39;s how. 	email inbox inbox_zero
this may come as a surprise, but google is known for its search capabilities and offers many useful search shortcuts. it&#39;s no wonder that gmail does the same. network administrator josh gilmour points out on his blog that if you&#39;re low on space in your gmail account, one easy way to fix it is to search by message size. 	shortcuts gmail google
evernote has a bit of a malware problem. for the past few years (starting in early 2014) spammers have been sending fake emails that claim to come from the note-organizing service but include links to install malicious software on your computer.
	malware spam email evernote
earlier this week, evernote announced its subscriptions are getting more expensive and free users are now limited to just two devices. for the scores of existing users, that little restriction and that price increase are a big pain. thankfully, you have other options.
	evernote
this morning, piriform, developer of pc maintenance tool ccleaner, announced it was breached by hackers who infected an estimated 2 million users with malware. prifirom says the incident has since been resolved, but encourages users to update the software to prevent further compromises.
	ccleaner malware
android: if you’ve got an android device, you most likely have a backup of it stored in your google drive account. unfortunately, as one user discovered, that backup can expire in 60 days if you leave your android device untouched, even if you’ve got more than enough space to store it yourself.	google
the most common “how to” search term on google is “how to tie a tie.” and the most common “how to fix” search is “how to fix a door,” according to google’s new visual breakdown of the most popular “how to” searches worldwide from 2004 to 2017.
	google search how_to
i travel a ton, which means i tend to skip scheduling things like future haircuts while i’m at the salon because i’m not sure i’ll actually be in town when it comes time for the appointment. it makes sense, but it also leads to me looking in the mirror the first day of a two-week trip and realizing i’m desperately in need of a trim.
	haircuts
it had been a particularly stressful week when, scissors in one hand and four inches of hair in another, i decided to cut. a few snips later, i felt triumphant. sure, a week from then i paid an expert to fix it. but in that moment, i felt like a weight had been lifted, and that felt good, even if it was just a few ounces.
	hair
women might have many more hairstyle options than men, but the same overall rules apply: it&#39;s best to pick the hairstyle that suits our faces the best. the images below should help you out.	
today, one of the best cloud backup services, crashplan, announced it was ending support for consumers. crashplan for home will be put to rest on october 23, 2018. while the option to sign up for or renew your crashplan for home subscription is gone, current crashplan for home users will receive an extra 60 days of backup service gratis. 	crashplan
every year, backup service backblaze takes a look at failure rates amongst the hard drives in its data centers. this year’s no different, and they’ve got all kinds of stats for all kinds of drive.
	hard_drives data hard_drive
at wwdc 2017 apple announced ios 11, and with it a slew of space-saving features for smaller devices. good on apple for making 32gb the smallest storage in its ios lineup, but it still isn’t enough. tons of people already spend time trying to reduce the size of their photos, apps, and other bits of data in order to save space and not meet the dreaded “cannot take photo” alert when it’s clutch time. 	apple wwdc_2017 ios_11 ios storage
apple’s homepod is the company’s latest new gadget, packing a smart assistant, smart home hub, and multi-room audio speaker inside an overpriced, rounded package.	apple homepod
if you want to get your hands dirty on a semi-evil electronics project, this diy emp generator is fun—if not a little dangerous—build to try. it won’t fry much, except at extreme short range, so you should be careful with it, but you’ll learn a lot in the process.	evil diy electronics
 when spies need to make sure their colleagues get a package or a signal without anyone else knowing, they leave a dead drop in a specific location and trust that another spy—ideally the one they need to communicate with—will retrieve the package. you don&#39;t have to be a spy to make use of dead drops though: they can be useful to safely leave a package for a friend, play a game with multiple friends, or leave yourself something you want to retrieve when the time is right. 	dead_drop spies drops
the crafty diy-ers at instructables show you how to create a &quot;diversion safe&quot; (something an intruder / babysitter / good-for-nothing brother-in-law would never think to look in) out of an ordinary soup can.	diy
at apple’s wwdc 2017 craig federighi (aka hair force one) announced some pretty choice upgrades to apple pay—upgrades that put it in direct competition with venmo, square, facebook, and google.	apple wwdc_2017 wwdc
you don’t hear a lot of people talk about the getting things done productivity system anymore. it’s not as colorful or insta-friendly as the bullet journal, and although various apps have claimed to “work with gtd,” they’ve all fallen slightly short—because, at its core, gtd is analog.it’s a system that works less well if you let gmail automatically sort your email into categories, or if you let an app scan your docs to pull out to-dos or calendar items, since the whole point of gtd is that you are actively tracking and collecting every  task, responsibility, or concern (aka “open loop”) that comes your way. you have to review every email and write down every appointment, because if you spend any time worrying whether an app has neglected to auto-schedule something, that’s an open loop that’s taking up space in your mind and preventing you from getting something else done.	gtd getting_things_done productivity
unless you have a company buying licenses for you, tools like photoshop, pro tools, maya, or even windows can be a serious bite out of your wallet. here are some more affordable options to those normally pricey apps that’ll help you stop fretting and get more done.
	windows
maybe you picked up a raspberry pi for the holidays, or you’ve been sitting on one of the super versatile, palm-sized computers for a while now. if you’ve been wondering how to get started with yours, or what you could build that’s worthwhile, here are ten great ideas.	raspberry_pi
we&#39;ve shown you how to get started with the raspberry pi, the pocket-sized diy dream computer. here are ten awesome projects you can put together in a weekend with this $35 board. 	raspberry_pi projects diy how_to pi
the raspberry pi is a fantastic little machine for doing all sorts of things, and because the raspberry pi is so small, it&#39;s also really portable. diyer nathan morgan used that size to his advantage to create a tiny, portable computer complete with keyboard, trackpad, bluetooth, and wifi. 	raspberry_pi diy
whether you realize it or not, you&#39;re designing every day. it might be a simple document, an updated resume, or a presentation, but either way you&#39;re making design choices, in particular about typefaces and layout. these decisions can have a significant impact that makes your work more compelling, or they can turn it into a boring, lifeless turd. here&#39;s how you can use a few simple design principles to quickly improve the way you use type and layout in your everyday work. 	design type typefaces layout
 if you have a raspberry pi and one of those surge protectors that also protects your network cables from voltage fluctuations, you have most of the tools you need to build a cheap network observation device, as long as you&#39;re not afraid to use a soldering iron. when you&#39;re finished, you&#39;ll have the perfect addition to your pen-testing toolkit. 	raspberry_pi
 if you&#39;re looking for a creative use of a raspberry pi, or maybe just want to get your retro game on, this diy coffee table arcade machine is perfect for you. you&#39;ll need some supplies, but instructables user grahamgelding will show you how it&#39;s done. 	diy raspberry_pi arcade arcade_machine
the open-source computer raspberry pi has already fueled a ton of great diy projects since it was first released. now, it also has an official app store to quickly snag software, check out tutorials, and more. 	raspberry_pi
so, you finally picked up a raspberry pi and it’s sitting on your desk, waiting for you to do something awesome with it. good news, setting it up is stupid-easy these days, and in less than 30 minutes, you’ll be hacking away on your tiny little $35 computer.
	raspberry_pi
 in the movies, right after a spy loads up on gadgets, they get their &quot;cover identity,&quot; or the person they should pretend to be to get behind enemy lines or into the villain&#39;s lair. you can use cover identities too, whether you want to blend in with the locals while traveling, negotiate on your boss&#39;s behalf, impress a colleague with your knowledge, or just fool someone into thinking you&#39;re someone else for fun. here&#39;s how. 	identities cover_identity travel
the raspberry pi is a wonderful little computer that fits in the palm of your hand, yet packs enough power to run your home media center, a vpn, and a lot more. before you can do anything awesome, however, you need to configure it and install an operating system. here’s how.	raspberry_pi
working long hours at a desk, whether you use a computer all day or some other tool to get your work done, can wreak havoc on your wrists, knees, and other joints. here are ten ways you can keep them in good health, and reduce the pain and discomfort your day-to-day may be putting you through.	health
it&#39;s important to get regular exercise, even if it&#39;s a little activity here and there. still, not all of us have access to (or money for) a gym membership, and many of us already work long hours that make it difficult to get out for a run or jog. here are some clever ways to get a little activity in anywhere you happen to be, like your cubicle.	exercise work
  i live in a fairly small city apartment, and don&#39;t have a lot of space for exercise equipment. that doesn&#39;t mean i&#39;m content to sit behind a computer all day and waste away, so when i learned about the fitdesk, a combination exercise bike and laptop desk, i had to try one. a few months later, i&#39;m in love with not just the idea, but the ability to spend some time exercising while catching up on email or playing a video game. 	exercise equipment laptop_desk bike laptop space top
a few key stretches throughout the day can keep us limber and refreshed. this manual of exercises for office workers is great for people like us who are prone to never moving anything but our fingers for eight hours straight. 	exercises office
sitting all day at your desk isn&#39;t good for you.  if you can&#39;t get up a take a walk, a graphic from desirable body shows you some exercises you can do while at your desk.	exercise sitting
when you stack up a bunch of miles or points, the last thing you want to do is let them expire. these charts from financial blog nerdwallet lay out the rules for 18 of the most popular cards.
	
if you don&#39;t have your windows 7 disc handy—but want to create a custom installation, run windows from a usb drive, or just do a fresh install—you&#39;ll need an iso file of the disc. you used to be able to download them from digital river&#39;s servers, but those links no longer work. now, microsoft has a software recovery center where you can download those isos for free.	windows installation windows_7 iso microsoft
even if you are building a brand new computer, odds are you have some old gear around the house you’d like to get as much life out of as possible. from phones to old laptops to old tvs, here are some tips to speed up and clean up your older tech.	speed
as fast as your technology may have been on day one, it&#39;s probably not quite so speedy now. that doesn&#39;t mean you can&#39;t restore it to its former glory. whether it&#39;s your desktop, laptop, or mobile device, here are 10 great ways to speed up your slow technology. 	speed top
no gadget lasts forever, but that doesn&#39;t mean you can&#39;t turn it into something else and give your new tech an old school feel. here are 10 awesome projects for bringing your old, retro gadgets into the future. 	retro gadgets
 you don&#39;t need to spend thousands of dollars on a camera just for features like motion sensing, time lapse, raw images, and control over exposure and shutter speeds. if you have a simple canon point-and-shoot, you can customize it with these features and a whole lot more using the chdk enhancement. 	chdk feature
 reader tyler brainerd found an old model 500 rotary phone at his local goodwill. instead of passing it over as a relic of a bygone age; he saw it had some potential. with some time, some expertise, and a few pairs of old discarded headphones, he turned the old model 500 into a handset for his computer.	handset model_500 goodwill
got some old cordless phones? you know, the big paperweights that you once thought were sooo cool?	phone
the sun is shining and the bees are buzzing, which can only mean one thing: spring is here, and with that comes spring cleaning. in between emptying closets and decluttering your basement, give yourself some time to clean up your computer and smartphone, too. here are some simple tips for speeding up and optimizing your mac, windows pc, iphone, and android phone.	spring_cleaning mac windows android iphone
there’s no shortage of weather sites and webapps around the web that will show you weather conditions now or predicted ones in the future, but ventusky is brand new, looks great, and shows you current conditions on a live, always-updating map that you can drag around, click on, or just search to explore.	weather webapps weather_sites
reader josh writes in with the full list of gmail search operators and says they work when creating filters, too.	gmail
as if the equifax data breach disclosing personal information for 143 million people wasn’t enough, now scammers are taking advantage of the confusion and anxiety affecting customers. if you get a phone call from someone claiming to be part of equifax, don’t believe it.	equifax
burner’s latest update adds support from nomorobo, the spam call blocking service that keeps telemarketers from ruining your dinner.	burner nomorobo telemarketers
who prefers phone calls over emails? no one, that’s who. if making phone calls for work elicits a bit of anxiety, you’re not alone. trackmaven ceo allen gannett also preferred texting and email over good old fashioned phone calls, but decided to emulate the traits of the more productive people and turn to the tried and true telephone instead of the impersonal email.
	work phone_calls
i have some strong opinions about fashion. despite wearing the same monochromatic outfit to work nearly every day, i’m a fan of sartorial elegance, tailored suits, and yes, the occasional set of suspenders.
	work fashion
i like working, but i don’t like work clothes. if i can’t wear my standard uniform—sweatpants that the salvation army threw in their dumpster; a ratty eagles t-shirt; half a shoe—i can’t concentrate. this is largely why i work at home.
	work
there are plenty of stores out there with great return policies. some are so good you can basically rent stuff from their stores. if you’re not careful, however, those lenient return polices can actually trick your brain into holding onto items you don’t actually want.
	stores return_policies
buying clothes in a store—once the only way to shop—now seems almost antiquated. why limit yourself to merely one designer, or even all the options available in a mall, when you have the infinite variety of the internet to choose from? but despite the convenience and selection of online shopping, i still prefer to browse the racks, usually with some friend encouraging me to try on any color other than black.
	shopping online_shopping clothes
advertisers are constantly using psychological tricks to get us to buy their products, but a new research study demonstrates how they might be able to start using our senses in order to sell us things.	
a bit of planning can save you a ton of money when it comes to buying throughout the year. here’s your comprehensive, always up-to-date guide on the best times to buy everything this year.	buying money
amazon’s $25 minimum on their add-on items can be a bit of a bummer when you’re just trying to order something small, but how-to geek points out you can use an amazon echo to get around that.
	amazon amazon_echo
i have a little note that i continuously update and save (using evernote) that’s full of little tips and strategies that i learn about or think about and want to include in a post at some point. eventually, i wind up with a big collection of them.  here are eight of those ideas, little strategies for shopping so that you’ll spend less money and wind up with fewer things that you don’t really need.	shopping money
 dear lifehacker,

i eat takeout and delivery all the time. i know if i actually cooked my own food i&#39;d eat better, and i spend a silly amount eating out every week, but… i just can&#39;t bring myself to get excited about my kitchen. cooking takes so much longer, and i always feel like a novice in the kitchen. got any suggestions? 	cooking food eating kitchen
 if your goal for the holidays or new year is a healthier you, those cabinets full of sugary snacks and salty, over-processed junk food are your first serious roadblock. it&#39;s time to throw out your junk food in a dramatic blaze of glory so you&#39;ll stick to your convictions. here&#39;s a step-by-step guide to help you clean out the pantry once and for all, replace that junk food with healthy alternatives that will still fulfill your cravings, and jump start your path to a healthier diet you&#39;ll actually stick to. 	food health diet pantry
if you take a pass on supermarket brands at the grocery store in favor of name-brand foods, consumer reports&#39; comparison test might interest you. turns out there&#39;s often very little difference between the two in taste or quality.	food
during a weak economy, people may be reluctant to spend hard-earned money on investments and risk losing it all. money blog steadfast finances says there&#39;s no need to be fearful of investing as long as you&#39;re smart about it.	money finances investments
there are loads of free audio and ebooks available online for the taking, but tracking them down across their many sources can be tough. web-based search tool librophile makes the job a lot easier.	books ebooks
 want all of the benefits of organic, local produce, meat, and dairy with the convenience of a grocery store? a food co-op might be what you&#39;re looking for. they&#39;re pretty easy to find and in many cases, you can walk out with bags full of groceries for a fraction of what you&#39;d pay at a traditional supermarket. here&#39;s how to find and get involved with one near you. 	food groceries organic local co-op produce meat dairy how_to
marc rogers’s career spans more than twenty years, including a decade managing security for the uk operator vodafone. he’s been a ciso in south korea and co-founded a disruptive bay area startup. he’s been hacking since the 80s and is now a white-hat hacker as well as the head of security for cloudflare. in his role as technical advisor on “mr. robot,” he helped create hacks for the show. and as if that’s not enough, he also organizes the world’s largest hacking conference. we caught up with marc to find out how he works.	hacker tech
aurelia moser is a developer, teacher, author, and also a bit of a cartographer. she works at the mozilla science lab with researchers to collaborate on open source projects and is also a mentor at girls develop it.	
chrome: if you have coworkers who love to chat you up for hours on end, then you might appreciate nope, a chrome extension that calls you the second you trigger it.
	chrome work
maybe you’ve heard someone mention gdpr in passing, but were too embarrassed to ask what those letters actually stood for. or maybe your friend posted something online about what gdpr means for online data protection. at the very least, you’ve probably received a few dozen emails from various companies about how their updated their privacy policies comply with the new law.
	gdpr
the last few weeks have been huge for data privacy—thanks to companies like facebook and grindr for their issues, companies like apple that have tried to push the topic closer to the forefront of their customers’ minds, and larger regulatory moves like the european union’s upcoming enforcement of its gdpr.
	data_privacy privacy
if you were expecting apple to wait a week until its new ipad starts shipping to officially launch ios 11.3, you lost that bet. ios 11.3, a one-day exclusive for said ipad, is now available for all ios devices. and here’s how to find all of its most compelling features and updates:	ios apple update ipad
ios: sure, the iphone x has a bezel-less screen and facial recognition security, but the device’s most buzzed about feature may just be animoji. the only problem? animoji are stuck inside apple’s messages app and limited to 10 seconds in length.
	iphone_x apple animoji
apple just released ios 11 last month, but for emoji fans, the really important update is still on the way. ios 11.1 will add hundreds of new emoji, and the public beta is coming next week. here’s what you need to know about the update and how to get it as soon as possible.	ios_11 apple emoji ios
ios 11 was released last week, and with it your iphone and ipad (as long as its one of these models) got a ton of new features. there are so many, that navigating through them all can end up being a pretty daunting, and let’s face it, confusing, task. not sure how to learn it all? we’ve got your back. a bunch of us at lifehacker have been putting the operating system through its paces, and have written a ton of great guides to some of the most interesting new stuff.
	ios_11 iphone ipad
at its press event yesterday, apple announced a slew of new products, including a trio of new iphones (like the $999 iphone x), an lte-equipped apple watch, and an apple tv capable of displaying movies in 4k hdr. the announcements also coincided with some software update news, namely release dates for ios 11 and macos high sierra, updated versions of apple’s mobile and desktop operating systems, respectively.
	ios_11 macos_high_sierra iphone software mac
over at hacker noon, designer and ios 11 beta tester ryan lau has detailed the myriad design errors he’s noticed in apple’s latest mobile operating system. 	ios_11 apple design
for ios 11, apple has completely overhauled control center. control center is that tray that pops up when you swipe up from the bottom of the display on your iphone or ipad (it will come from the top right side of the screen on the iphone x). traditionally, it’s offered quick access to things like your phone’s wi-fi and bluetooth controls, airplane mode, the flashlight, and music controls. it’s essentially a place for shortcuts to different phone controls, and with ios 11 it’s gotten a lot smarter.
	ios_11 iphone control_center apple
ios 11 is lying to you.
	ios_11 ios
with ios 11, apple changed up how you activate the night mode on your phone. the company originally introduced night shift in ios 9.3 as a way to make screens a little easier on the eyes at night (and help you get some sleep in the process.	ios_11
night shift mode is probably everyone’s favorite new feature in ios 9.3, but for some reason, you can’t have it enabled at the same time as low power mode. this is pretty odd considering your phone’s most likely to be dead around bed time. good news though, siri can still turn it on. 	ios_9 ios_9.3 night_shift siri
emergency sos in ios 11 is one of those features you probably will never use, but it is a good idea to go ahead and set it up now just in case you do need it.
	ios_11
ios 8: information can be the critical difference between proper care and wasting time in an emergency. apple&#39;s health app in ios 8 can display your emergency medical information and emergency contacts to better inform first responders or anyone else on the scene of a medical emergency.	health ios_8 ios
being lucky can mean anything from finding a dollar on the ground to getting your dream job. you can&#39;t change the laws of the universe, but people who consider themselves lucky tend to exhibit certain traits. here&#39;s how to use that to your advantage and create your own &quot;luck&quot;.	luck
building habits is like training a dog—you want to reward yourself for a job well done. but there&#39;s nothing that says you have to enjoy that reward after your &quot;good behavior&quot;. another technique, called &quot;temptation bundling,&quot; lets you enjoy your reward while you build that habit, and it can be a very powerful tool.	habits
even though they may sound outdated, phone scams still run rampant. the us treasury inspector general receives between 9,000-12,000 complaints per week. according to princeton research survey associates, &quot;people over 50 are disproportionately victimized by telephone fraud.&quot; make sure you and your loved ones know how to identify and avoid the most common telephone scams—like these. 	scams
right up front i’m going to say: it’s easier for a white nurse  than a black motorist to say no to a cop. in a video released last weekend, alex wubbels, a nurse at university hospital in salt lake city refused a cop’s orders to draw blood from an unconscious patient. wubbels had hospital policy on her side as well as her supervisor’s support, and the cop still handcuffed her and tossed her in the back of a squad car until cooler heads prevailed.
	
hitting the streets to make your voice heard is a fundamental right in the united states, and it’s part of our country’s lifeblood. whether you’re headed out in support or dissent, you should know what you’re getting into before you go. even if you think the event is purely peaceful, someone else, another protest group, or the police may all have different ideas. here are some tips to prepare before you go out to have your voice heard.
	protest police
it&#39;s our civic duty to know the laws that govern our lives, whether we&#39;re traveling to a different city or just want to host a garage sale. legal issues and our rights aren&#39;t always clear, though, so let&#39;s take a look at the most important ones that might affect you.	legal law
online paralegal programs says that most avoidable arrests come from police trickery and intimidation, which lead you to consent to a search or admit guilt. know your rights and how to avoid police tricks with this handy infographic.	know_your_rights police legal
our friends at the electronic frontier foundation have released a handy &quot;tips for talking to the police&quot; cheatsheet intended to help you understand your rights, specifically in regards to searching your digital stuff. 	police
you might think you know the rules of the road, but misinformation can spread like wildfire. from getting out of a ticket to making excuses for speeding, it’s time to clear up some traffic misconceptions once and for all.	misconceptions traffic speeding
for the best value, you want a car that lasts. but not all cars make it to the ten-year mark. iseecars.com, an automotive research firm, ranked the most durable vehicles that owners keep for ten years or more.
	cars vehicles
the leak of ios 11’s final version provided us with more than a few hints about what apple will announce at its press event september 12. while onlookers should expect to see new iphones and an updated apple watch, those uninterested in the announcements could simply sit back and enjoy the gift provided to them by the company: new wallpapers.
	iphone ios_11
later this year, apple will publicly release ios 11, which includes a one-handed mode for the default keyboard. that’s a great idea, which is why so many third-party keyboards already have the feature. and you don’t have to jailbreak or do anything weird.
	ios keyboards
if you use microsoft word for work, or on any regular basis, you know how much time a couple of quick shortcuts can save you, especially if you use them every day. this graphic runs down eight tips for word that may be familiar to daily drivers, but still useful for students, office workers, and resume builders alike.	microsoft_word microsoft shortcuts
microsoft word is easily the biggest, most popular word processing program available, but it does a lot more than just edit text and tps reports. if you’ve been telling yourself that you’ll finally learn word’s ins and outs, now’s the time to actually learn how to edit styles, add a table of contents, and more.
	microsoft_word word
microsoft office is still the most popular office suite used by companies and individuals across the world. these word, excel, powerpoint, and onenote cheat sheets will help boost your productivity and save time when you’re working in these programs.
	microsoft_office
this week, we walked you through how to get started quickly with, make the most of, and master every app in microsoft office. maybe you missed one, or want a quick guide to all of them. well, here you go. 	microsoft_office microsoft office
microsoft released its popular windows phone keyboard, word flow, for the iphone today, which lets you easily type texts with one hand and swipe to spell out words.	iphone microsoft
you might not want to upgrade to ios 11 just yet, but you should update these top-shelf ios apps.
	ios_11 ios
so, you’re interested in secure, encrypted chat apps. you have a few different choices, but as with any chat app, what all your friends are using is important. to that end, signal and whatsapp are easily the most popular. here’s how they compare.
	signal whatsapp
facebook and whatsapp announced a new data sharing plan that’ll improve targeted advertising and friend suggestions. if you’re not a fan of the idea of facebook and whatsapp cozying up so closely together, it’s easy to opt out.
	whatsapp facebook
your privacy is important, and now more than ever, it seems like everyone is trying to put eyes on your personal data. that might include advertisers, governments, or some weird voyeur in your life. the good news is you can do a few things to your iphone to make it more secure and privacy friendly without ruining the experience.
	privacy iphone
your web browser knows a lot about you, and tells the sites you visit a lot about you as well—if you let it. we&#39;ve talked about which browsers are best for privacy before, and the best tools to lock your browser down, but there are also entire browsers designed to keep your data as secure and private as possible. let&#39;s take a look at some of them.	privacy
dear lifehacker,

with firefox getting ads and chrome extensions spying on me, is there really one browser that&#39;s better than the others when it comes to privacy? does it matter if i use something like opera or safari instead? is my browser watching what i&#39;m doing and reporting back? 	privacy chrome firefox opera safari
there are a ton of browser extensions that promise to protect your privacy, which leads to some natural questions: which is the best? do they all do the same thing? what should i really download? in this guide, we’re going to look at the most popular browser extensions that promise to protect your privacy online, and give you our recommendations.	privacy extensions
  chrome/firefox/safari: disconnect, one of our favorite privacy protecting browser extensions, has been updated to protect you from session hijacking (sidejacking/widgetjacking) attacks, where an attacker logs in to web services as you because a site you visited happened to use an insecure connection to conact google, facebook, or some other service thanks to an embedded widget or social plugin. 	privacy extensions hijacking disconnect widgetjacking session_hijacking facebook google
chrome: it always seems like a simple, if brutal, call: either keep your cookies, or lose access to a working gmail, facebook, and other neat services. enter disconnect, an extension that de-personalizes your browsing without cutting off necessary functionality.	cookies facebook chrome
 the vast majority of mac users do absolutely nothing to prevent malware or viruses from infecting their systems, and very few of them have experienced anything that would make them think twice about it. the fact is, however, that mac malware does exist, and there are tools available to ensure that your mac is as safe as possible from emerging threats.	virus malware
 chrome/firefox: it&#39;s no secret that email is grossly insecure. if you want a little privacy in your inbox, the easiest way to do it is to encrypt your messages, and mailvelope offers free, openpgp encryption for most popular webmail services that&#39;s easy to configure and a breeze to use. 	privacy pgp encryption email webmail encrypt mail
 it&#39;s no secret that there&#39;s big money to be made in violating your privacy. companies will pay big bucks to learn more about you, and service providers on the web are eager to get their hands on as much information about you as possible.	privacy
 over the weekend, dave winer wrote an article at scripting.com explaining how facebook keeps track of where you are on the web after logging in, without your consent. nik cubrilovic dug a little deeper, and discovered that facebook can still track where you are, even if you log out. facebook, for its part, has denied the claims. regardless of who you believe, here&#39;s how to protect yourself, and keep your browsing habits to yourself.  	facebook
 firefox: it&#39;s not just facebook that&#39;s actively tracking your movements on the web without your consent: google, linkedin, and others do the same, although most other services make it easier to opt out. if you want to use those services when you want without trading your privacy for the privilege, priv3 is a firefox extension that gives you back the ability to choose. 	privacy tracking facebook google linkedin
with everyone from local scammers to government agencies trying to get hands on your data, there’s never been a better time to beef up your privacy game. fortunately, there are a ton of options out there to keep your messages, files, and phone safe on android.	privacy android
using a password manager is basically internet security 101 these days, but that doesn’t make them any less intimidating. if you’ve never used a password manager, they’re annoying, cumbersome to use, and baffling at a glance. 1password is one of the easiest to use options around, but that doesn’t mean you don’t some help setting it up.
	security 1password
if you’ve been using  your computer to manage the apps for your ios device, that time has come to an end. the latest update to apple’s itunes removes its access to the ios app store, as well as the ability to manage ios apps, with the company expecting you to handle all that app-related business on your ios device itself. so long, app syncing.	itunes apps ios
if you’re not using apple music, but still use itunes, it’s pretty obnoxious that apple pushes the music subscription service in your face all the time. good news though, with just a couple clicks, you can remove it. 	apple_music itunes apple
apple just unleashed 2 hours of hype, bringing media and fans to its new cupertino headquarters to unveil its latest lineup of gadgets and software. there’s a lot of information to sift through, and most of it isn’t really all that exciting. 	apple
by most accounts, apple’s new smartphone, the “iphone 8,” is due out soon—in september 2017. but i feel confident in saying the company’s most groundbreaking release for the year actually happened earlier this summer, at apple’s worldwide developer conference (wwdc) in san jose, california.
	apple iphone
virtual reality is the next big thing in gaming, but wearing the headsets causes motion sickness for some. even i’ve experienced a little motion sickness while playing despite the fact i never struggled with it in the past (no barfing yet). if you’re worried about hurling, there are a few things you can do to make the experience more pleasant.
	virtual_reality motion_sickness
online shopping is on the rise—it’s fast and ships directly to your doorstep, sometimes overnight. but with online shopping, you miss the experience of going into a store and picking up items. enter virtual reality shopping, which tries to give you the convenience of online shopping and the experience of being in a store.	virtual_reality shopping
 remember that scene in back to the future where marty jr. was rudely watching tv at the dinner table in giant glasses? now, you can do that same thing with youtube and google cardboard.	youtube google_cardboard google
we talk a lot about software designed to attack our smartphones and computers, but it turns out your router might also be at risk. that’s right. some dangerous new malware is going after the box you use to beam internet around your home or office.
	malware software router
if you’re getting a pixel 2 (or waiting for the bugs to get worked out in the pixel 2 xl), you’re probably connecting it to your current wireless carrier as soon as it’s done charging. it’s pretty straightforward if you’re buying the phone from your carrier, but if you’re curious about switching providers, there’s already one in your new phone. you can activate google project fi right from the smartphone.
	google project_fi
if you’re mulling the pixel 2 xl for your next smartphone upgrade, you may want to think twice, or at least put your decision on hold for a few days. early versions of the device could have a hardware flaw that causes permanent damage to the screen.
	pixel_2
smartphone-makers like apple and samsung don’t want you to repair their devices on your own (that’s what the protection plan is for), and apparently google isn’t any different. a teardown of the newly released pixel xl 2 reveals that it’s actually harder to fix than last year’s pixel xl thanks to one key difference: the battery.	google apple
web developer marco arment points out a savings tip that&#39;s a little less than obvious, especially for newcomers to the apple-verse. when shopping for an applecare protection plan, check out amazon resellers first. you&#39;re bound to save on the official apple price.	applecare apple amazon
google’s new pixel phone comes with some impressive features. its camera takes remarkable, detailed photos. it comes with google assistant, a virtual assistant tool that’s actually useful. the pixel comes with some less obvious features worth exploring, too.
	google feature
the reviews are in and most agree, google’s new pixel phones are awesome. they also mark the death of the nexus line. with the shift towards pixels, google is turning its eye from the experimental world of nexus devices, to the bigger world of phone buyers everywhere.	google pixel nexus
google’s new pixel phones come with some great new features. google’s new smart assistant, unlimited cloud storage for photos and video, and more are all rolled in. with a little clever tweaking though, you can get most of the big, best features on your phone right now before the pixel even comes out.
	google pixel feature
google’s new google assistant appeared in every part of the company’s hardware event yesterday. google was less clear about how assistant differs from google now, or now on tap, or google’s voice commands. to clear things up, here are some of assistant’s best new features, and how it fits into your google life.	google_assistant google_now google feature voice_commands
google wants you to start looking at it as a hardware company. today, it announced new pixel phones, a smart voice assistant-powered speaker called google home, a vr platform and more. here are the coolest things the company announced today.	google hardware google_home vr
today, google dropped a news clusterbomb, launching android vr, a new google assistant, and an amazon echo-like google home hub. here’s all the coolest stuff from today’s keynote.
	google android android_vr google_assistant news
google just launched allo, a new smart messaging app that comes with stickers, emoji, and a powerful assistant who can answer all your questions. let’s take a look at its biggest features, and see if it’s worth moving all your conversations over to it.	google allo messaging feature
yesterday, google released android nougat for nexus owners. it comes with some sweet new headlining features like multi-window support and bundled notifications. after digging into the developer preview we found even more treats that you might’ve missed.	android android_n google features developer_preview feature
file managers may be a dime a dozen on android, but solid explorer stands out from the pack. with advanced features for managing and browsing your files, both on your phone and remotely, it’s our new favorite file manager.	android files
yesterday, google announced youtube red. google, blissfully unaware of what goes on in incognito mode, apparently thought that this was a good name for a service. it is not the first time that google has made flagrantly terrible choices in naming stuff.
	google youtube_red
voice search is one of those features that seems silly, but is awesome once you start using it. not convinced? here are a few ways to turn voice search from a silly gimmick into a useful productivity tool.	voice_search search productivity
  ios (jailbroken): google recently updated its search app on ios to include siri-like voice searches, and if you like google&#39;s offering better (or can&#39;t get siri on your device), free tweak nownow let you launch google&#39;s voice search with a shortcut—just like siri. 	google search siri voice_search ios
jailbreaking is a process that changes little by little with each ios upgrade. rather than always publishing new guides, we’re simply going to keep this one up to date. if you want to jailbreak your ios device, you’ve come to the right page.	jailbreak ios
  if you&#39;re still running ios 4.3.1 and don&#39;t want to update to 4.3.2, here are instructions for jailbreaking your ios 4.3.1 device.	jailbreak ios ios_4.3.1
  ios 4.2.1 isn&#39;t the latest version of ios anymore, but that doesn&#39;t mean some of you aren&#39;t still running it and may benefit from jailbreak instructions. here&#39;s our archive of the ios 4.2.1 jailbreaking process.	ios jailbreak
mac os x: the 2g apple tv was jailbroken shortly after its release, but until now there hasn&#39;t been a simple jailbreaking method. that&#39;s all changed with seas0npass.	jailbreaking apple_tv
if you&#39;ve chalked jailbreaking your ios device up as too complicated jailbreakme is for you. simply visit jailbreakme with your ios device&#39;s browser and enjoy hassle free one-click jailbreaking.	jailbreak ios
mac os x: last week apple pushed out a minor update to the iphone os, and, naturally, the update re-jailed any jailbroken devices. yet again, the iphone dev-team is back with a new version of pwnagetool that&#39;s compatible with the latest update.	pwnagetool iphone mac_os_x mac
windows: blackra1n continues in the long tradition of jailbreak apps that never say die when faced with apple updates. it won&#39;t unlock an iphone for carrier switching, but blackra1n does give you third-party, unofficial apps and features on your iphone.	jailbreak iphone windows
update: this guide is out of date. see our always up-to-date guide to jailbreaking your iphone, ipod touch, and ipad for the current instructions.	jailbreak iphone ipod_touch
if you recently upgraded to a jailbroken version of the 1.1.3 iphone firmware, the first thing you probably noticed when testing out the new features was that the faux-gps feature in google maps wasn&#39;t working. you tap the current location button, but all you get is a never-ending spinning throbber. luckily, enabling this feature is a snap. just open up installer and either re-install or install for the first time the navizon gps application. once it&#39;s installed, run it and find the switch labeled invisible. if gmaps gps hasn&#39;t been working for you, you&#39;ll notice that the switch is in the on position. flip it to off, then let navizon locate you once. after it does, try the current location button again. it should now be working perfectly (at least it does for me). thanks zan!	iphone gps google_maps
third party iphone app lovers who also want the latest and greatest apple firmware rejoice, as iphone hacker extraordinaire nate true has released a new jailbreaking application for the recently released iphone 1.1.3 firmware.	apple iphone
update: this guide is out of date. see our always up-to-date guide to jailbreaking your iphone, ipod touch, and ipad for the current instructions.	iphone ipod ipod_touch




click to view	
if you watched the “made by google” event yesterday—or read our roundup—you’d be forgiven if you missed that there was a brand new version of android. google itself hardly seemed to notice. here’s what we know about it.	android google
google’s new now on tap feature was easily one of the coolest new features of android marshmallow. now that it’s out, we decided to give it a whirl and see how it worked. the result: google still has a long way to go.
	now_on_tap google android marshmallow
the pixel 2 is still a day away from release, but review units are already out in the wild and the critics have uncovered a hidden feature in google’s new phone: the device features a secret dark theme, and unlocking it is surprisingly easy.
	pixel_2 google
if this then that, one of the best automation tools out there, is getting a big overhaul today that changes some of the fundamental ways the service works. the biggest change comes in rebranding its recipe system so it now allows one trigger to connect to multiple services.
	automation
if you have a fireplace that can be controlled remotely, why not use your voice to turn it on? with a little raspberry pi magic, you can turn on your fireplace with google’s fancy new voice-controlled speaker.
	fireplace fire
the voice interfaces cortana and alexa will soon be able to activate each other for functions that one does better than the other, amazon and microsoft announced today. it’s the kind of cooperation that we don’t see enough between the big five, or really any company that’s grown out of its “desperately cobble together partnerships so we look relevant” phase and into its “abandon all cooperation that doesn’t lock customers into our shitty ecosystem” phase.
	amazon microsoft cortana alexa
android: apple’s not usually too keen on making apps for android users. however, if you’re looking to jump ship, apple finally has one for you. move to ios helps users copy their data from android to an iphone or ipad.	android apple ios
the ios vs android debate can get pretty heated, but while both mobile oses have their diehard fans, many people could be convinced to switch if just one feature or two changed. what would convince you to switch?	android ios
alexa is designed to work with your voice, but sometimes yelling out to the virtual assistant isn’t exactly ideal. now you can talk to alexa and use most of her abilities right from slack.	alexa slack
you can add tons of features to your amazon echo with little apps amazon calls “alexa skills.” most of them are garbage. we’ve sifted through the mess to find the best ones that are actually useful.
	amazon_echo echo alexa amazon alexa_skills apps feature
universal remotes come in many flavors, from simple sticks to control a few devices to smart home-enabled monsters. last week we asked you for your favorites, then looked at the five best universal remotes. now we’re back to highlight your favorite. 	remotes universal universal_remotes control
picking a universal remote control is pretty tricky these days. there are plenty of simple, programmable ir blasters out there, but some of the best remotes can control other devices using bluetooth or even wi-fi. this week, we’re looking at some of the best universal remotes, based on your nominations.	remotes universal universal_remotes control
the amazon echo is pretty great at understanding your voice out of the box, but alexa could always use a little help. if she gets a command wrong—or even if she gets it right—open up your alexa app to give some feedback.	amazon_echo alexa voice
so, you bought an amazon echo during prime day, but you’re not sure what to do with it other than ask it silly questions, set timers, and roll a dice. before you return it, know there’s a whole bunch else you can do with that smart speaker.	amazon echo
the big appeal of the amazon echo is that you can get things done without touching your phone. so, you might’ve missed that the alexa app you used to set up your echo is actually really useful on its own. here are some of the best things it can do.	alexa amazon_echo echo amazon
a while back we detailed how to make your own amazon echo device using a raspberry pi, but if anything went wrong with it, you’d have to manually reboot the whole thing. it was a pain in the butt. now, there’s an easier way to make your own echo.
	raspberry_pi amazon amazon_echo
the amazon echo is useful to have around the home. it can play podcasts, take reminders and notes, tell you the length of your commute, even control other appliances in your house. but at prices ranging from $50 to $150, it’s an expensive proposition if you’re not sure you’ll use it. good news though, you can make a fully-functional one using a raspberry pi.
	raspberry_pi amazon
since its release, the $35 raspberry pi mini-computer has been hailed as the perfect all-in-one retro game console. now, it’s easier to do than ever, and it doesn’t take any linux knowledge whatsoever. here’s how to make your own retro game console in under 10 minutes.	raspberry_pi
it’s no secret that turning a raspberry pi into a retro game console is hands-down the most popular, easy, and fun project you can do with a pi. that initial guide is just the beginning though, and if you really want to get more out your little diy console, you’ll want to dig in with some advanced tips.
	raspberry_pi diy retro
nintendo’s new mini nes is a cool, tiny little nintendo console that’s on its way in november, but you don’t have to wait that long to get one for yourself. with a 3d printed case and a raspberry pi, you can easily make your own.
	raspberry_pi
we’ve already seen a raspberry pi zero get stuffed inside an xbox controller, but if you’re looking for a project that’s a bit more retro, then a nes controller might be more up your alley. 	raspberry_pi raspberry_pi_zero
we’ve seen a raspberry pi stuffed into an xbox controller, arcade stick, and a nes controller, so it only makes sense we’d get one inside a snes controller. youtuber anthony caccese did just that. 	raspberry_pi snes
the raspberry pi zero is absurdly small. so small, in fact, that diyer terence eden decided to stuff it inside an xbox controller and make a little emulation machine.	raspberry_pi diy
the raspberry pi is easily the best way to make your own little retro game console, but hacker house took it a step further by cramming a pi inside a homemade joystick to make it super portable.	raspberry_pi retro
whether you’re playing retro games through an emulator on windows, mac, or a custom-built raspberry pi console, you need a controller. we tested some of the most popular options, from simple xbox controllers to retro replicas and  expensive bluetooth-enabled gamepads, to figure out which are worth your money.	retro_games controllers
mac: openemu is an all-in-one video game emulator where you can emulate your games, create collections, set up controllers, and plenty more. 	games mac
the amazon echo is a pretty neat little device, but at $180 for the echo and $130 for the amazon tap, both options are pretty pricey. if you want to make your own, youtube user novaspirit tech walks you through the process of how to do so with a raspberry pi. 	raspberry_pi amazon_echo amazon
we’ve shown off one way to build your own amazon echo before (or more accurately, amazon tap because the diy version can’t access the always-listening feature), but if you’re looking for a different approach, the amazon github page has an incredibly detailed guide to getting the alexa voice service up and running on a raspberry pi.
	raspberry_pi diy amazon amazon_echo
one of the trademark devices in nearly every hollywood blockbuster version of the future is a smart mirror that shows off a daily schedule, clock, weather, and other important updates. blogger dylan pierce built his own powered by a raspberry pi. 	raspberry_pi
the raspberry pi is great for all kinds of interesting and complex projects. it&#39;s also great for stupid projects, like this animated gif photo frame i made this week. here&#39;s how to make one for yourself.	raspberry_pi gif
diy electronics boards are getting cheaper and cheaper. since the launch of the raspberry pi, the extremely popular, portable computer-on-a-board, countless new boards have shown up. even so, few are cheaper and tinier than the $5 raspberry pi zero and the $9 c.h.i.p. let’s take a look at how they compare.
	raspberry_pi diy electronics c.h.i.p.
the raspberry pi is a fantastic device and the fact that it&#39;s open source means that all kinds of great accessories exist for it. so, let&#39;s build a list of the best accessories for your various diy projects.	raspberry_pi diy
windows/mac/linux: if you’re running your raspberry pi in headless mode and you’re not using a static ip address, it’s a pain to locate the ip address. adafruit made a simple little utility that makes the process as easy as a click of the mouse. 	raspberry_pi
at $35, the raspberry pi is a fantastic little computer, but when you add in the cost of a display, mouse, and keyboard, things get a little more expensive. good thing you don’t really need them. with vnc, you can access your pi from a laptop or desktop computer using the same mouse, keyboard, and display that you always do, no rewiring required.
	raspberry_pi
windows/mac: installing and setting up a vanilla version of the raspberry pi’s main operating system, raspbian, is easy enough. if you want to do more with it, like set up custom software to run on boot, or connect to a wi-fi network, it’s a bit of a pain. pibakery simplifies all that dramatically.
	raspberry_pi
setting up a normal sized raspberry pi in headless mode (where you don’t need a monitor or keyboard attached) is super easy because you have access to an ethernet port. the raspberry pi zero doesn’t have an ethernet port, so you’ll have to take a different approach. coder and blogger david maitland explains how. 	raspberry_pi headless
if you’ve been thinking about trying out tor to anonymize all your web browsing, you could just download a browser and give that a spin, but it’s much more fun to make your own highly portable proxy that you can easily connect to on a whim. enter the raspberry pi.
	raspberry_pi tor
dear lifehacker,
i&#39;ve been hearing a lot about tor these days (with a shoutout on house of cards!), but i&#39;m not entirely sure what it does or why i&#39;d ever use it. what exactly does tor do?	tor
even with recent revelations that the nsa is listening, tor is still probably the best way to anonymously surf the net. but to do it right, you&#39;ve got to take some precautions. the experts at information security stack exchange provide guidance on the safe way to use tor.
 	tor security
yesterday, the house of representatives approved a measure that killed an upcoming fcc ruling that would have required internet providers to ask your permission to sell your browsing data. now, everyone’s trying to find a way around this, and virtual private networks (vpns) are the most popular means of doing so. but what the heck are they?
	vpn
at&amp;t is now collecting anonymous information about your account for external marketing and analytics. by default you&#39;re opting into the tracking, but it&#39;s easy to opt out. 	tracking
 dear lifehacker,

i&#39;m no idiot when it comes to security, and you guys have often mentioned how easily wi-fi networks can be cracked or how anyone can sniff out passwords and cookies. my question, though: how dangerous is it really when i&#39;m sitting and checking my email at the coffee shop on the corner? i don&#39;t have anything that special or private in my email, and i&#39;m usually only surfing the web. do i really need to load up on vpns and other tools when i&#39;m all alone in the coffee shop or logged in at the library? 	security wi-fi vpn passwords networks
a study by researchers from data61/csiro, uc berkeley, unsw sydney, and ucsi finds that several popular vpn services on android open up a variety of security holes, including injecting javascript for ads and tracking services, traffic redirection to commerce sites, and more.
	security research android
dear lifehacker, 
i&#39;ve read about why i really should use a vpn and i&#39;ve been looking into different providers, but there&#39;s one thing i&#39;m worried about. can&#39;t a vpn provider just look at my traffic all they want and see what i&#39;m doing? don&#39;t i just have to trust them not to spy on me? if that&#39;s true, how do i pick one i can trust, when they can all see what i&#39;m doing?	vpn traffic
services like sling, playstation vue, and directv now let you watch live tv over the internet without getting a complicated bundle from your cable company. we took a look at these three services to see how they stack up to each other.
	tv live_tv cable sling playstation_vue directv_now
thanks to confusing bundles, hidden charges, misleading promises, and obscure terms, everyone agrees that cable tv and internet providers are the absolute worst. i tried to comparison shop for internet service in my area and ended up an awful mess of sketchy terms, and upsells. it shouldn’t be like this.
	internet cable tv
if the headlines are to be believed, consumers are abandoning traditional tv subscriptions in droves, embracing ever-easier-to-use streaming gadgets and apps, and watching their favorite shows mere minutes after they hit the usual airwaves. but the truth is actually a lot more complicated.	streaming
recently, chromecasts have developed a strange quirk. when you cast something from your phone to your tv, every single device on your network will get a notification to control it. if you find this annoying, here’s how to turn it off.	chromecast
fitbit’s alone won’t make you healthy, but the more you see the data, the better understanding you can have of what you need to do. over at initial state, they made a guide that creates a big dashboard of all your fitbit data so you can easily see it visualized.	fitbit
you know that thing you do where you ask your partner/friend/family member to remind you to do something later? yeah, well now google home can actually do that, and unlike that person you always ask, it won’t forget. this week, google home is rolling out an update that will finally enable voice-activated reminders for the digital assistant.	google google_home
google assistant is a powerful tool, but it doesn’t work the same way the pixel that it does on google home, and both are different from the android phone you already have. we’ve put together a chart to help clear up what each devices can do.
	google google_assistant
ever get epic ideas while you’re in the car? if so, you’ve probably struggled to figure out how to jot down those ideas without swerving into oncoming traffic. it can be a distraction for sure, but one redditor has a useful suggestion that involves one of our favorite tools: ifttt.
	ifttt
a little over an hour into google’s pixel 2 event on oct. 4, senior director of product management sabrina ellis did something unusual: she squeezed the new smartphone. then, without tapping a single button, she said the words “take a selfie,” held the phone up in the air and snapped a group shot with the packed conference room.
	google pixel_2
most chromebooks are cheap, simple and dependable, but google’s been releasing high-end laptops that run its chrome-based operating system for years. the latest entry in that series is the $1,000 pixelbook, which looks primed to compete with other laptop-tablet hybrids like microsoft’s surface pro and the ipad pro.
	chrome google ipad surface microsoft
if you’re in the market for a chromebook (and why shouldn’t you be?) the sheer number of models and types can be a little daunting. the folks at starry hope have put together a tool that’ll help you quickly compare and get details on the specs that matter to you.	
apple’s ipad pro and microsoft’s surface pro 4 look a lot alike. both are big tablets, both connect to slim keyboard covers, and both offer a stylus for drawing and note-taking. but after spending some time with these potential laptop replacements, i found that they’re really quite different, particularly when it comes to productivity.	tablets microsoft apple ipad ipad_pro
microsoft onenote has been one of our favorite note-taking apps for years, and it keeps getting better. the app is completely free to install on your mac or windows desktop and lets you format notes any way you wish in an intuitive digital notebook interface. here’s how to get started with onenote and take your notes to the next level.	onenote microsoft notes
we all have that one friend who’s insufferable on social media. if you’re tired of seeing your instagram feed cluttered with annoying memes, gloating status updates, or endless selfies, the solution seems obvious: unfollow them.
	instagram social_media
all the cool services are getting data dumps—that little link you click somewhere in a settings menu that  triggers the service to send you all the data it collects from you (and everything you’ve used it to do, theoretically). 	data
a while ago, all it took to be a great password manager was to keep your passwords in an encrypted vault. now the best password managers give you the option to sync or keep them local only, change web passwords with a click, log in to sites for you, and more.	password_managers passwords
instagram started rolling out a feature in its ios and android app tuesday that allows you to save your instagram stories.
	instagram
it’s tempting to give up your day job to produce sponsored content on your instagram timeline for fancy, diuretic teas. or at least it would be, if you had enough followers. wait. do you? there’s now a website that can tell you exactly how close to being an influencer you actually are.	instagram
when we rounded up our staff’s weekly upgrades last friday, our editors were untangling pesky headphone cords, basking in true crime tv, baking puff pastry, and finally closing out our excess browser tabs.	weekly_upgrades
everyone loves a great podcast, including us! so imagine, if you will, that we’re handing you one of our earbuds and saying, “you gotta check this  out,” as we enthusiastically press play. here are the lifehacker staff’s favorite podcasts.
	podcasts lifehacker_staff
podcasts are now firmly established parts of pop culture, and chances are you probably have a favorite (or seven) that help make your commute more bearable. and while every armchair broadcaster with a voice recorder app is eager to get in the game, creating a professional-sounding podcast isn’t as simple as it might seem. here’s how to create, record, and publish your own basic podcast—and get people to listen.	how_to podcast
 whether you need a soundtrack for your film, you&#39;re a dj and need to polish up your sets before sharing them, or you&#39;re a musician looking to produce the next big club hit, you need a good audio editor to eliminate noise, convert your files, edit tracks, and output the whole thing. this week, we&#39;re going to look at five of the best audio editing applications, based on your nominations. 	audio_editing audio music editing dj
listen notes, lifehacker’s favorite podcast search engine, has a new real-time feed that shows you what podcasts its users are currently listening to. these people are streaming the podcasts on the site, not in their usual player, so this won’t tell you the most popular podcasts overall. in fact, while you’ll see a lot of popular shows, you’ll also discover stuff that would never show up on google or apple’s top charts.
	podcasts search listen_notes
ios: not everyone has a list of favorite podcasts like the nerds at lifehacker. if you’re new to podcasts, the available apps for managing them can feel needlessly complex—especially if all you want is the latest episode of that one show your friend mentioned. if you don’t want to worry about things like storage cache and playlist generation, check out ‘sodes, an easy-to-use podcast app.	podcasts apps
starting your own podcast goes beyond having a topic idea and knowing how to use your equipment. take your podcast or blog to the next level with this in-depth collection of training materials from the team at npr. 	podcast
i love explaining things to small groups of people and through writing on the web, but when it comes to speaking in front of large groups of people i turn into a bumbling mess. public speaking is one of those acquired skills that i never quite got, but there’s still time. this week fast company spoke to a few podcasters, who have mastered the skill (and have shows places like npr and wnyc to prove it) and came up with a list of tips that even people like me can use to improve. here are a few big takeaways:	public_speaking podcast
a few days before i have to talk in front a lot of people, i get this queasy feeling in my stomach that won’t go away. i don’t want to eat. i just want to cancel so i don’t have to deal with the stress. my hands get sweaty before i get on stage. i feel like i want to run away. and then i walk out there, do what i have to do, and everything works out fine. i’m usually even pretty exhilarated by the time i get done.	
speaking in front of other people—even a small group—can be nerve-wracking.  you feel anxious, terrified that you&#39;ll make a fool of yourself.  while the butterflies may never go away completely, there are still some things you can do to help clear your head before your big moment.	
almost everyone loves listening to podcasts. nobody, however, loves picking out an app to be their podcast listening hub. since we last got the lay of the podcast-app land in 2015, digital audio has become way more popular and, as a result, there are more podcast managers than ever out there. after testing just under 20 of the most popular podcast listening apps, i have a pair  of definitive recommendations for what you should use to manage podcasts on your iphone and/or ipad.
	iphone
the president’s twitter account is unprecedented as a communications strategy, a stream-of-consciousness series of communiqués that strike fear into the heart of any american who wants to, i dunno, avoid war or keep on having a constitution. but his twitter rants, as bizarre and as unhinged as they frequently are (“covfefe”) are at least a sort-of window into his thought processes. i mean, i’d rather know what he’s thinking than not know. 
	twitter
yesterday donald trump jr. posted a video on instagram of him setting “a new personal deadlift record” at 375 pounds. impressive, for sure, until you look at junior’s form which is anything but.
	trump
the twitter block is a powerful tool. whereas muting is a subtle cleansing of your timeline—the person you mute never knows, though you have to wonder, how many people might have muted you??—blocking is twitter’s carpet bomb.	twitter
i liked twitter better when everyone got 140 characters. that’s the whole point of twitter: brevity, concision, a strong editorial hand on the tiller. so i was not at all pleased to see the company’s announcement that all users now get 280 characters, which i believe will encourage a certain sloppiness in expression—a slippery slope straight down into logorrhea.
	twitter
phishing attacks, wherein scammers pretend to be legitimate companies in order to trick you into handing over sensitive information like usernames, passwords, or credit card information, are getting more difficult to spot. even google is susceptible to more sophisticated attacks, which have popped up everywhere from email attachments to shared google documents.
	google phishing passwords
with a little know-how, most phishing scams are pretty easy to detect. this one, on the other hand, is devilishly clever and just might dupe you if you’re not careful.	scams phishing
password management services like lastpass and 1password are great because they make it easy to keep all your online accounts protected by using a single encrypted master password… at least in theory.
	lastpass 1password
on tuesday, techcrunch writer john biggs had his phone number stolen by a hacker who gained control of biggs’ t-mobile sim card, granting him access to biggs’ phone number used to verify his identity. biggs correctly employed sms-based two-factor authentication on his accounts, but forgot to add extra security layers to his wireless carrier account. his attacker proceeded to lock him out of his accounts and attempt to demand ransom in bitcoin. 	security two-factor_authentication
equifax’s “security incident” earlier this week affected 143 million americans. that’s a huge number of people, which means that the chances that either you or someone you know being affected are pretty high. equifax’s site was even providing positive results for fake social security numbers at one point.
	
your credit score is a number assigned to you by credit bureaus that determines your &quot;creditworthiness&quot; and influences the rates you get for mortgages, auto loans, and credit card terms. you can save thousands of dollars on a loan—and even insurance premiums—by boosting your credit score. here are a few ways to do so.	credit_score credit loans
equifax announced it had a “cybersecurity incident” wednesday, which impacts 143 million u.s. consumers. between mid-may and july of this year hackers were able to gain access to certain equifax files, including names, social security numbers, birth dates, addresses, credit card numbers, and some driver’s license numbers.
	equifax
google’s one tap form of two-factor authentication is handy because you don’t need to enter a code. however, it offers very little information about who’s trying to log in. now, google will add location and time info to the login attempt.	google two-factor_authentication
you might be unfortunate enough to have an annoying coworker in your vicinity. you know, the one that talks about how much he loves eating quiche for breakfast. let’s call him chad. while you (probably) can’t put chad’s headphones in jello to get back at him for pinning last week’s softball loss on your bum knee, you can slowly drive chad mad where it hurts the most: in his precious youtube goofing-off time.	youtube
we’ve all had at least one coworker who was difficult, whether it was a personality clash or a case of chronic missed deadlines. the next time you find yourself frustrated by that person in the office, may we suggest some good old fashioned passive aggression?
	work
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
this week we have a guy who keeps jumping from relationship to  relationship, but he’s been dying to see what the single life is like. will he figure out how to live it up solo? or will he realize there’s not always a right way to do everything?
	single_life single
this week we have a woman who gets along with men well in a platonic way, but recently introduced a flirty gal pal to the mix. can she get them to stop flirting with each other? or does she need to get over it?
	
this week we have a guy who’s moving into his own place and taking the stuff he bought with him. trouble is, his old roommates use some of those things and aren’t being given much time to adapt. is there a nice way to deal with a situation like this?
	roommates moving
this week we have a lady who can’t stand it when her boyfriend gawks at other women. will she finally  tell him how it makes her feel and get the respect she deserves? or will he be too busy staring at other girls to see her walking away for good?
	men women
this week we have a guy who wants to go to the fair with his buddy, but he’s afraid of riding all of the intense rides his friend is excited about. should he buck up and strap in, or find a way out before he hurls corndog on your shoes?
	fair rides
this week we have a pair of sad dogs that aren’t treated very well and a non-owner living in the same household who’s concerned for their well-being. is there a way to save the pooches from abuse and neglect?
	dogs abuse
this week we have a newlywed woman whose husband plays way too many video games, and it’s affecting their sex life. game over?
	video_games
some people have problems that require delicate advice from a qualified professional. others just need a random a guy on the internet to kick ‘em in the teeth (with honesty, that is). i’m the latter. welcome back to tough love.
	tough_love advice love
scoring the phone number of someone you’re interested in feels like a major victory, and it is. but it’s also just the beginning. once you’ve got that number in hand, you have to figure out what to actually text the person, and when, and how often. so no pressure, but your entire romantic future here could be determined by your first few text messages. here’s the best way to approach texting someone you want to date, according to the experts.
	texting
one of the most exciting notifications you can get on your phone is a new message from your crush/current bae. one of the most anxious feelings is waiting for that notification to come in. what if we just eliminated texting in relationships all together?
	texting
sexting is one of those  private matters that we don’t talk that explicitly about—perhaps because admitting we sext tips people off to the existence of digital nudes. let’s unlock our phones and discuss textual stimulation out in the open.	sexting sex
when i was a teenager smartphones weren’t a thing, and neither was sexting. you’re not exactly going to take some tasteful nudes with a film camera and drop the roll off at your local drugstore to get developed so you can pass them to your significant other between classes.
	sexting
thanks to modern technology, parents can track their kids&#39; every keystroke and action online. but is it a good idea?	kids
in 2010, taylor got a phone call that would, at least temporarily, blow up her life.  someone had posted nude photos of her on a revenge porn website called isanyoneup.com and sent her former employer the link. her friend, who happened to be dating her ex-boss, called to let her know. “that was how it started, with a former employer who had already seen [the photos],” says taylor, whose last name is being withheld for privacy reasons. “i had a full-blown panic attack on the phone as soon as she called me.”
	revenge_porn
regardless of what you think about lawyers, when you need one, they&#39;re your best friend. a good lawyer works with you, helps you understand the situation, and guides you to the best possible result. to do that, they need a client they can work with. here&#39;s how to be just that. 	how_to law lawyers
with sexual harassment and abuse being covered so frequently in the media over these last few weeks, it seemed like a good time to talk about how to move forward and start to heal after abuse. of course, this is a huge topic, so we’re getting started with how to manage the effects of sexual trauma on your own. next week, we’ll talk about navigating the waters with new partners. the healing process looks different for every person, but here are some steps that you may find helpful.	sex trauma
esther perel, author of the state of affairs: rethinking infidelity and host of our video series the state of affairs, is going to be a guest on our podcast. and although we have our own lengthy list of interview questions, we’d love to know what you might like to ask her. 	state_of_affairs infidelity
there are plenty of reasons to run a virtual machine. the first, and most compelling, is that you want to play: maybe there are some other operating system  you want to dabble with (cough linux cough), but you don’t want to deal with installing another hard drive, partitioning your existing drive, or setting up your system a different way.
	mac linux virtual operating_system
if you want to try out software without installing what could be adware or something risky, use a virtual machine. virtual machines are particularly useful because of their &quot;snapshot&quot; ability, which captures and quickly restores the vm&#39;s state. here&#39;s how to set it up and use it.	virtual_machine
virtualbox is great for testing out a new operating system, but your virtual machines probably aren&#39;t that special when you first set them up. here are a few tips for making them much easier to use—not to mention more powerful.	virtualbox mac
mac: if you’re clipping a bit of text to send in a tweet or saving info from a rental car  confirmation page, your standard command-shift-4 shortcut for a screenshot is more than adequate. but adding a couple keystrokes can make all the difference when you want to, say, include a professional-looking image of your company’s webpage in a presentation deck. 
	
there are a couple of reasons you might want to take a screenshot (a.k.a., screen capture or screen grab) of your desktop or an application window. one of the most common is to send the image to tech support to show a problem you’re experiencing. whatever your motive, here’s how to take a screenshot on both windows and mac. 	how_to
suppose you’re trying to troubleshoot a family member’s computer, you want to show a friend some issue you’re having with your system, or you want to make a quick recording of some crazy thing you’re about to do in a game. with the chrome extension loom, it’s incredibly easy to capture and share a quick recording of your screen right from of your browser.	recording chrome browser extension
 in some cases, the best way to illustrate something happening on your screen is to show someone. whether you want to train people on a particularly difficult program or show everyone how to fix a problem you&#39;ve run into before, recording a screencast is an easy way to do it. thankfully, there are plenty of applications that let you record your screen, save the video, and share it with friends. 	
windows has about a billion screen capture tools (give or take), but we dig picpick&#39;s huge list of options, built-in photo editor, ability to upload photos to ftp, and its $0 price tag. 	screen_capture_tool screen_capture windows
 os x already offers a means of capturing screenshots with a few keyboard shortcuts, but if you want to do a little more you have to grab a third-party tool. of the many available, skitch is our favorite for its many annotation tools and instant-sharing options.	screenshot skitch
mozilla claims its updated web browser is twice as fast as its last one, and uses a lot less memory than the competition—google chrome in particular. it’s called firefox quantum, and it might give the web’s most popular web browser a run for its money.
	firefox_quantum firefox
firefox users bouncing between work and personal accounts on a daily basis are probably tired of logging in and out, or switching accounts. thanks to the new (and overdue) mozilla-made multi-account container extension, you won’t have to worry about remembering which account you’re logged into. if you’re unconcerned about separating work and personal accounts, you can still take advantage of multi-account browsing to preserve your privacy or discourage bad habits.	firefox privacy
looking up directions on google maps is a little clunky on the desktop. you have to select your starting location, your destination, and your method of transport. but if you’re on chrome, you can build three shortcuts to get directions right from the address bar, without a single click.
	address_bar chrome google_maps shortcuts

	chrome&#39;s address bar doesn&#39;t do much at a glance. type in a url and you&#39;re taken to a web site. but it can do a lot more if you know how to use it.	chrome address_bar
 we use a lot of great webapps, but it takes a few clicks to perform even a simple task, like adding an event to your calendar. here&#39;s how to collapse those step-by-step clicks into single commands for nearly any web application.	
custom search engines are one of the coolest features of any modern browser. with just a few keystrokes, you can search wikipedia right from your address bar, do a custom google search for lifehacker articles, or even get driving directions to a specific location. here are five searches you should enable right now. 	search search_engines
custom search engines are one of the coolest features of any modern browser. with just a few keystrokes, you can search wikipedia right from your address bar, do a custom google search for lifehacker articles, or even get driving directions to a specific location. we&#39;re wondering what your favorite custom searches are. 	search search_engines
windows/mac/linux: a few months ago, opera launched its own free, built-in vpn, but you could only get it if you manually enabled it in the dev version of the browser. now, it’s available for everyone in the stable version of opera.	opera windows mac linux
last week, opera added a vpn to the dev version of its browser, which was certainly good news. the bad news is that unlike the more robust vpns it tries to replace, it leaks data that should be encrypted all over the place, namely your private ip address. here’s how to fix it.	opera vpns news how_to
an ssd drive is a worthwhile investment, but like any storage device, it can fail. in fact, failing isn&#39;t that uncommon. as with your spinning drives, you should always set up a good backup solution, and you can do plenty to take full advantage of your ssd, but you can also take steps to maximize your ssd&#39;s lifespan. here&#39;s how. 	
solid-state drives (ssds) come with all kinds of perks over your standard hard drive, not the least of which involves serious speed boosts for your computing. here&#39;s how i installed an ssd in my macbook pro.	ssd mac macbook macbook_pro
drives fail. and no matter how many backups you have, losing a drive when you’re in the middle of working on something important—my namesake’s law—can be a real pain in the ass. thankfully, replacing your old-and-busted drive with a brand-new drive is one of the easiest upgrades you can make.
	drive upgrade
dear lifehacker,
i know hard drives can fail, but how long do they really last? will they last longer if i don’t use them as often?	hard_drives
when you first get a new graphics card, your games run buttery smooth. over time, you might start to notice that it doesn’t run as well, even on the same games. what gives? this video explains what causes performance degradation over time.	
dear lifehacker,

solid-state drives (ssds) are expensive and hard disk drives (hdds) are slow. now that you can buy a hybrid of the two, there are a lot of choices with varying costs. which type of drive is my best bet for the money? 	ssd ssds hard_disk
can you remember the last time you cleaned your desktop pc? i don’t mean wiping some guacamole off the the side of the case during a burrito binge. i’m talking about going in there and really getting all the accumulated dust out of your expensive parts (and fans). spring cleaning your system isn’t hard to do, but it’s critical to your system’s longevity—and helps your computer look a lot less gross.
	desktop_pc dust case clean
  don&#39;t waste money on one of those expensive screen-cleaning solutions from office supply stores. with household items you probably already have and this recipe from cnet, you can create your own monitor/keyboard/smartphone cleaner. 	cleaning household
most of us are more concerned about the tidiness of our directories and files than we are about our physical computer. a dirty computer is a failure-prone computer, so let&#39;s dig in with some spring cleaning tips.	cleaning
mac os x only: keyboard cleaner is a donationware application that kills all of your keyboard input and blacks out your screen so that you can clean up your keyboard without sending errant keyboard strokes.	keyboard mac_os_x
the tech zone has published a step-by-step photo tutorial for giving your keyboard a very thorough cleaning.	cleaning keyboard
if your pc&#39;s been humming along under your desk for more than a year or two, i&#39;ve got news for you: chances are inside that case, half a dozen dust bunnies are dancing around your hard drive, leeching onto your cpu fan and fluttering about your motherboard having a grand old time. this is not good. today we&#39;ll go over how to clean out the guts of your computer, tighten, tune and oil things up to make your pc happier, healthier, and more likely to stick around longer.	
our windows app of the week isn’t something you’ll probably have to use very often—we hope—but it’s a great tool if you’re upgrading your system and need to move everything from an old hard drive to a new drive.
	windows windows_app_of_the_week app
this one’s almost a cop-out, since all windows users should know about windirstat by now. this app has been out for nearly 15 years, and it’s one of the most helpful tools you can use to clean up your hard drive.
	windows app clean_up
if you’ve been gaming on valve’s steam service for a decent amount of time, you’ve probably heard of steam mover. it’s a great tool for transferring your multi-gigabyte steam games to different hard drives on your system, in case your primary hard drive is running out of space (or bursting at the seams).	steam gaming
so you’re running out of hard drive space (maybe on that fast-but-tiny ssd of yours), and you need to move a few of your pc games to another hard drive. don’t uninstall and re-download them! you can actually move your games to a new drive without having to wait hours to reinstall each one.	
home networking is something we all have to deal with, but it can be confusing as heck. this week, we&#39;re going to turn you into a networking wizard, starting with getting to know the most important device on your network: the router. 	networking
dear lifehacker,

my old router has died and i need a new one. there are so many wireless routers out there that i don&#39;t know what to buy. is dual-band worth it? what should i look for in my new wi-fi router?	wi-fi
a good wi-fi router is essential for any solid home network. the best ones get great range and can serve all of the computers in your home, offer tons of management features so you can control your network, focus on speedy communication, and others even have advanced features like nas support, printer sharing, traffic shaping, and more. this week, we’re looking at five of the best on the market right now. 	wi-fi feature
dear lifehacker,

for reasons unknown to me (physics? global warming? witchcraft?), my router&#39;s reach is terrible. my house has all kinds of wi-fi dead zones, and i have no idea why. what could be the cause, and how can i fix it?	wi-fi house router
 



after taking apart a $30 &quot;extender&quot; wi-fi router antenna, one intrepid video blogger posted a guide to making the same thing with remarkably cheap stuff. if you&#39;re not afraid of a soldering gun or taking apart your router antenna, a small amount of copper wire, a drinking straw, a wood screw and black marker should get you (according to the video creator) roughly twice the range and power. the standard warnings about potentially damaging your hardware apply, so those skittish about soldering should check out gina&#39;s top 10 wi-fi boosts, tweaks and apps. thanks colin!
	top wi-fi




click to viewno doubt you&#39;ve got a home wireless network or you&#39;ve connected to hotspots at the local coffee shop or airport—but are you getting the most out of your wi-fi? whether you want to strengthen, extend, bridge, secure, sniff, detect, or obscure your signal, today we&#39;ve got our top 10 best wi-fi utilities and tweaks for the power wireless user. photo by thms.nl.	top wireless wireless_network
an update to the popular dd-wrt firmware for wireless routers can turn the device into a signal repeater that extends your current network&#39;s range. the hackszine blog points out a tutorial for doing just that:	router
windows only: network manager netstumbler lists all the wifi networks in your area, their signal strength and whether or not they&#39;re passworded.	networks wifi windows
mac os x only: wireless manager istumbler shows you everything you need to know about the wifi, bluetooth and bonjour networks in your area.	bluetooth bonjour mac_os_x wifi wireless
mac os x only: network utility wifind adds essential why-isn&#39;t-this-built-in information about available wireless networks to your mac&#39;s airport menu.	mac_os_x wifi
sure apple stuff &quot;just works,&quot; but that doesn&#39;t mean your mac does everything you want it to. for example, yesterday i wanted to survey my surroundings and connect to the wireless network with the strongest signal (there are some major wifi problems here at the future of web apps), and after a heavy round of googlin&#39;, i found two programs, neither of which worked. perhaps one of you bright and talented readers can help?	wifi mac wireless
 parabolic surfaces are perfect for collecting errant wireless signals and focusing them, and the food strainer in your kitchen cabinet is a parabola waiting to do something other than hold pasta. instructables user dan folkes describes how to turn a $10 asian cooking strainer and an equally cheap usb wi-fi dongle into a signal-boosting dish. dan boost his signal enough to detect an additional 20 wi-fi hotspots using netstumbler to sniff them out. if you&#39;d like to modify your wireless router instead, check out how to boost your wi-fi antenna for less than a dollar with an antenna replacement and how to boost your wireless signal with tinfoil &quot;sails&quot; on your router antenna.
	wi-fi
 



it&#39;s amazing what a few sheets of tinfoil can do for the strength of your wireless signal. as shown above, by carefully folding tinfoil into a parabola, you can boost your wireless strength tremendously. the fellas in the video saw gains from 82% to just under 100%, though i only saw boosts of around five percent, so your mileage may vary. this project should only take about three minutes and will hopefully leave you with impressive results. if you don&#39;t want to attach unsightly parabolic boosters and you&#39;re using the same basic router as the fellas in the video, you can also upgrade your firmware to dd-wrt—a free hack that will turn your $60 router into a $600 router and allow you to boost your wi-fi signal from your router&#39;s control panel.
	wireless hack
although wireless is simpler for a lot of people, due to multimedia sharing, bandwidth on a home network, and paranoia about wireless security, you may want to use a hard wired solution for home networking. having a wired network at home allows you to have a private, high-speed network for internet access, file sharing, media streaming, online gaming, ip security cameras, and much more.	networking internet wireless
  you don&#39;t need expensive software or a new camera to keep an eye on things at home. whether you&#39;re looking after your dog or trying to catch burglars in the act, you can put together a home security system with a regular webcam and your pc. 	security webcam camera




windows only: got a webcam bundled with your last computer but don&#39;t know what to do with it? turn it into a motion-sensing security camera with freeware application yawcam. all you need is a webcam to get started, but after spending a little time in the yawcam settings you can set automatic ftp uploading, emailing, or just saving captured images to your hard drive. you can even set a schedule for when yawcam is enabled to capture images so your security camera isn&#39;t constantly snapping pics while you&#39;re sitting in front of your computer. we&#39;ve seen similar motion detecting software, but yawcam looks like an excellent and simple alternative. i don&#39;t have a webcam on my windows pc, so if you give it a try, let&#39;s hear how it worked for you in the comments. yawcam is freeware, windows only.
	ftp security windows
web site simplehelp has a tutorial for setting up your own motion-detecting security camera - all you need is a pc, a webcam, and a free, open source program called dorgem.	security
  the other day i was way from home and my house alarm went off. i couldn&#39;t get home to check it and it was driving me nuts. thankfully a family member was nearby and was able to go check on the house for me. but this got me thinking, if it happens again, what&#39;s the easiest way for me to check on what&#39;s going on without waiting for a neighbor or the alarm company to check it out. i had a couple of webcams, a computer, and my iphone. i thought, surely i can figure out a way to use these to see whats going on at home from wherever i am. here&#39;s what i came up with.	iphone
cloudflare announced a brand-new dns service this weekend—on april fool’s day, of course—because its launch date ties into the ip address you use to access it: 1.1.1.1. four ones. get it? 4/1? 	dns
dear lifehacker,

i just moved into my first apartment, and bought my first wi-fi router. it&#39;s a standard linksys &quot;blue box,&quot; and seems to work fine, but i&#39;m wondering—are there any settings i should be looking to change?	router wi-fi
 last summer we detailed how to crack a wi-fi network&#39;s wep password using backtrack. now video blog tinkernut revisits the subject with a great video step-by-step of the process.	wi-fi wep step-by-step
when you use https or ssl, your web browsing traffic is encrypted. when you use a vpn, all of your traffic is encrypted (usually). sometimes even with https and vpns in play, dns requests—or the way your computer translates &quot;lifehacker.com&quot; into numbers that your computer understands, like &quot;199.27.72.192,&quot; are completely unencrypted, leaving you open to spoofing and man-in-the-middle attacks. dnscrypt can lock that down. here&#39;s how.	dns dnscrypt attacks ssl vpn vpns
windows/mac/linux: last week google announced a free dns service designed to speed up your browsing, but just because google wants to be fast doesn&#39;t actually mean they&#39;re the best option for you. namebench finds the fastest dns server for your connection.	dns windows linux
what’s more annoying than having a great wifi or ethernet connection, but slow internet speeds? nothing. nothing is more annoying than that. when it happens to you—and it will, especially if you jump onto wifi access points at your favorite local businesses—you’re going to wish you could do anything to speed up your connection.	internet slow wifi connection
although it feels  like i’m dancing with myself, this week’s tech 911 column—you ask tech questions, we deliver tech answers—is going to be a little inverted. rather than fielding a question that you’ve emailed me, left in the comments, or tweeted at me (with a gif), i’m going to solicit your help with a little issue i’ve been having. it’s a fun one, trust me.	tech_911
 dear lifehacker,

i haven&#39;t moved in several years, and i&#39;m still using the cable modem that i purchased and installed when i moved in here. it&#39;s pretty old and busted, but it works. still, i wonder: should i upgrade it? are there any benefits to newer modems that older modems don&#39;t have? will it make my connection faster? 	cable_modem cable modem connection
wi-fi provides a convenient way to connect the computers in your home without dealing with the hassle of wires, but wi-fi is also slow and unreliable compared to a wired connection. wireless may be the way of the future, but here are some of the best ways to go wired where it counts. 	home wireless wi-fi
whenever i cajole my way onto this week in google—a web show that requires reliable streaming video—the support staff insists on a hard-wired connection to the router for video chat. it&#39;s a pain, but the reason is plain: wi-fi is, according to a study of 14,000 connections, 30 percent slower than cables in most homes and offices. 	wi-fi streaming video_chat
dear lifehacker,

i finally took your advice and went completely wired on my home network using a bunch of ethernet cables i had lying around. some are cat5, and others are cat5e. is there a difference? is one faster than the other? what should i use? 	cables ethernet
nothing is quite as reliable for your home internet as running ethernet cable between rooms. in some cases, it might be easier to run cable along the outside, rather than inside your home. here’s how.	ethernet
chrome: the speedtest web site has long been the go-to method of quickly testing your download speeds, but if you find yourself doing it a lot, you might want a more accessible solution. the speedtest chrome extension does just that. 
	speedtest
nearly everyone hates their internet provider. if you have a problem with your isp and calling customer service fails, you now have another option: filing a complaint with the fcc. now, more than ever, this can be an effective way to get your problem resolved. here’s how to do it.
	internet isp customer_service fcc
we cover a lot of apps at lifehacker, and always feels like we’re behind—that’s how much new stuff arrives (or gets updated) on a weekly basis.	apps
another year in life hacks come and gone! we’re celebrating our favorite moments, hacks, guests and episodes of 2018 with this, our annual best of the upgrade episode. whether you’re a lifelong listener taking a trip down memory lane, or new listener looking to dip a toe in the magic that is the upgrade, we’re here for you. and what would an end-of-year episode be without our annual tradition of alice and melissa singing auld lang syne? just kidding! it’s our upgrades of the year, of course.	the_upgrade
bad coffee is the best coffee. or less cryptically: the lower you can set your standard for acceptable coffee, the happier you’ll be.
	coffee
if you’re making enough to break out of the poverty loop, you can probably find a lot of ways to save money. none will save you quite as much, however, as being happy with a lifestyle that doesn’t cost a fortune.	money
unless you carry around your own beans everywhere you go—and i know people that do—chances are you will one day find yourself in a situation where only cheap, bitter coffee is available. luckily, there is an easy way to turn bitter coffee into a rich, smooth brew. you just need an egg.
	coffee
ever wonder why hippies love trees so much? it might be thanks to that handful of mushrooms they ate at burning man, according to a study published in the journal of psychopharmacology that found a (perhaps unsurprising) relationship between one’s experience consuming psychedelics and their perceived connectedness with nature.	psychedelics mushrooms
we’re not encouraging anyone to do  drugs, but we’re also not going to pretend that our readers don’t do any. if you do and have to, say, take a drug test for a job, it may be helpful to know how long certain drugs stay in the places they’re most likely to check: your urine, blood, and hair follicles.
	drugs
if you’ve ever been in the hospital recovering from a surgery, you know the health care providers will ask you to “rate” your pain on a scale of 1 to 10, so they can administer pain relief if you need it. but assessing mental-health distress doesn’t have a simple 1-10 scale, because mental health isn’t as straightforward as physical pain. but nonetheless, people suffering from depression, anxiety, or other disorders might find it helpful to take a look at this “mental health pain scale” to assess how they’re feeling from day to day.
	mental_health health depression anxiety
friends make you happy, healthy, and they’ll be there for you when the rain starts to pour. but how many of them do you need? turns out the show friends had the science all figured out.
	friends
there’s a lot of philosophical debate over what it actually means to “be happy,” but if you’re looking for concrete answers, it can leave you wanting. here’s what scientific research says happiness is, and—perhaps more importantly—what it isn’t.	happiness research
the simple answer to loneliness is surrounding yourself with other people, but that’s not always an option—or something you want. here are some less-obvious ways to help you keep your alone time from making you feel lonely.	alone loneliness
i like doing things alone—eating dinner, playing games, seeing movies—but for some, the idea seems depressing, sad, or only for people with no one to be with. that’s nonsense. doing things alone develops self-sufficiency, gives you time for honest reflection, and, forces you to learn to like yourself a little—or at least figure out why you don’t.
	alone
people search for happiness their entire lives, but the secret might come down to where and when you focus your attention on the good and bad. by learning to train your attention in a practical way, you can gradually become a happier person.	happiness
happiness is so interesting, because we all have different ideas about what it is and how to get it. i would love to be happier—as i’m sure most people would—so i thought it would be interesting to find some ways to become a happier person that are actually backed up by science. here are ten of the best ones i found.	happiness science
“stop pitying yourself, people have it worse, you should be grateful.” you’ve probably heard this before, and it’s some of the most cliché, unhelpful advice around. when gratitude is inspired by guilt, obligation, or shame, that’s not gratitude at all. true gratitude is a practical tool that serves a number of purposes beyond the after school special fluff of being thankful for what you have.	gratitude
there’s nothing wrong with a little negative thinking, but when you’re too critical with yourself, you can kill your motivation entirely. naming the critical voice in your head can help keep you from automatically believing everything it says.	critical
using any kind of drug comes with some inherent risks, but there’s no denying some drugs are safer than others. according to this year’s global drug survey, munching on magic mushrooms is one of the safest ways to trip.
	drugs mushrooms survey
this week we’re talking about microdosing: the use of relatively low doses of psychedelics, such as lsd and psilocybin mushroom, to improve mood, focus and productivity in daily life. we spoke with author ayelet waldman, author of a really good day: how microdosing made a mega difference in my mood, my marriage, and my life; paul austin, psychedelics advocate and founder of the third wave ; and dr. ingmar gorman, a psychotherapist who assists those seeking support in connection with psychedelic experiences.
	microdosing
because there was no one nearby to talk me out of it, i walked into an anthropologie last week. i’ve never once found an item of clothing there that suited me, but i have a lot of weddings to go to this summer, and anyway, it’s right across the street from our office.	
if your closet is anything like mine, it’s full of things you should probably toss.
	
with the recycling industry in flux, the rules surrounding recycling plastic aren’t always a given (at least, in the u.s.). for one, you can’t recycle plastic bags or straws and now black plastic is even becoming a problem. how will we ever know the right way to recycle?
	recycling recycle plastic
throwing your black take-out containers in the recycling bin? unfortunately, there’s a chance they’re ending up in our landfills, despite your efforts.
	
recycling can be a little complicated as it is—it’s never as easy as throwing plastic in a plastics recycling bin. most curbside recycling programs don’t accept plastic bags, for example. 
	recycling plastic
after this miserable year in a miserable time in human history, you are right to greet summer with an explosion of joy and celebration. but summer also unfortunately usually comes with an explosion of trash, plastic waste,  and other single-use garbage that will do nothing but choke the planet for the rest of time, and we already have a president who is taking care of that for us.
	summer plastic
there’s about a ton of plastic for each person living in the world today—that’s 8,300 million tons of plastic produced since 1950, most of which has become waste and ended up in landfills. even worse, plastic production is increasing and half of all the plastic on earth was created in the past 13 years. but you can reduce your own impact by cutting back your plastic consumption. here are eight steps you could take.	plastic reduce
if your community has curbside or drop-off recycling, it&#39;s easy to recycle things like newspapers and empty bottles. what about the stuff your friendly recycling crew doesn&#39;t pick up? find out where to recycle everything from crocs to printer cartridges.	recycling recycle
lawn care starts to become an issue around this time of year, and it&#39;s easy to get frustrated by the seemingly random behavior of the grass in our yards, but keeping it healthy can be a lot easier than we tend to think. it can be as simple as raising the mower&#39;s height, cutting down on the watering, going a bit organic, and ignoring some &quot;pests.&quot;	lawn_care
most of us don’t think we need an article on how to properly recycle milk or juice cartons, but just in case you’re confused, here’s a quick rundown.
	recycle
composting is a great way  of turning trash into treasure, but you may have trouble getting  started.  over at fix, they created an infographic that tells you  everything you need to know about composting.  	compost
reusable grocery bags are environmentally friendly, but only if you actually use them, many times. and you’re probably not using the crappy “reusable” bags you got from your bank or from whole foods, which sit in your kitchen cabinet until you eventually throw them out.
	bags
the most important part of owning reusable shopping bags is remembering to take them with you to the store, but remembering to wash them regularly is a close second. a recent study showed way too many creepy-crawlies lurking in grocery totes.	shopping
those $2 ikea plastic bags at the checkout are near indestructible, and great for just about anything, especially if it’s heavy or otherwise awkward, but we never thought we’d see a full backpack made from them. well, sandiegomitch bought three, hacked them up, and built this super-light carry-all with them.	ikea bags
 if you&#39;re looking for a cheap and easy way to cut down on your excess waste and upcycle your twisted sister &quot;stay hungry&quot; tour t-shirt, this hack will turn your t-shirt into an eco-friendly grocery bag.	
there&#39;s nothing wrong with taking your lunch to the office in a brown paper bag or a plastic grocery bag, but you could do much better. depending on what you like to eat, there are bags that will keep hot food hot and cold food cold, have separate containers to keep your sandwich from getting soggy and have built-in bowls for soups and salads, and more. let&#39;s take a look at some great reusable containers that&#39;ll help you upgrade your lunch.	lunch food containers
“the family cloth” is a reusable alternative to toilet paper, made of rags, old t-shirts, sewn fabric, or purchased cloth wipes. they are mostly used for wiping pee, but some families use them for poop and periods. the practice (common until the modern era) is now mostly featured in eco-conscious and “frugal” housekeeping blogs and etsy shops. yesterday buzzfeed published a sympathetic explainer about the wipes. (at the end, readers are asked to respond with “good for them, not for me!” or “i’d try it at some point.”) before it grows any more, let’s make it clear: “family cloth” is not a life hack.
	toilet_paper
is your home always stocked with the cushiest brand of tissues, toilet paper, paper towels, and napkins? good, stop reading. everyone else: this is a remedial course in how to fill your home with paper hygiene products like an adult. i realized the importance of this course when discovering that several of my younger friends don’t buy tissues. before you send another guest to the bathroom to blow their nose, please read.
	hygiene paper_towels paper toilet_paper tissues napkins
people who don’t have hand towels in your bathrooms: what do you think your guests dry their hands on?
	towels guests
when inviting people into our homes, it can be easy to view everything with super-critical eyes. it’s natural to want to apologize for these supposed shortcomings, but the word “sorry” should never escape your lips.
	
when you’re hosting someone in your home, and you didn’t have much time to prepare for their arrival, you might feel the urge to apologize for the state your place is in. here’s why you shouldn’t.	home hosting
location-based reminders are a powerful tool that amplify your productivity.  they can provide you with obvious help like grocery lists that pop up when you get to the store, and chore lists that pop up when you get home—but they can do a lot more than that, too.	location reminders
microsoft made a few quiet but great changes to its kid-proofing steadystate tool for windows 7, changing the name to guest mode and trimming it into a dead-simple way to protect your pc from anyone&#39;s error-prone fingers.	windows_7 windows
windows xp/vista only: steadystate, a free windows utility offered by microsoft, is a handy tool to have if you&#39;ve got kids, friends, or just a program or two that could possibly wreak havoc on your system. steadystate basically creates new user profiles inside a disk section kept at arm&#39;s length from your actual system, and can go a step further by locking down access to drives, putting tight restrictions on a user&#39;s configuration access, and have the main user&#39;s hard disk restored to its previous state whenever an interloper logs on and does their misdeeds. as commenter jbdaddy pointed out, it&#39;s a great way to kid-proof your computer—but you can also try out potentially crash-prone or system-changing apps in a virtual blast container. steadystate is a free download for windows xp and vista; it requires a windows genuine validation before downloading.
	kids windows
when you&#39;re taking care of business, it&#39;s comforting to know you&#39;ve got the best toilet paper for the best price.  after extensive research and testing, these were found to be the best sheets for your behind.	toilet_paper
roll-based toilet paper dispensing has been around since 1883 and, we&#39;re presuming, so has the argument about whether it should hang over or under. now, we want to hear your opinion. and make it count, because we&#39;ll be posting a follow-up article next week with the best arguments on both sides.	toilet_paper
technology is unavoidable, whether it’s the smartphone in your pocket, the computer on your desk, or the emails in your inbox. unfortunately, all those gadgets and apps also have a pretty terrible impact on the environment.
	tech environment
traveling for the holidays almost always means that if you’re the tech-savvy, computer literate one in the family, someone will ask you to look at their laptop, phone, or desktop. head them off at the pass with this list of tips the next time you’re home.	holidays travel
 if you&#39;re unable to get out of being your family&#39;s on-call tech support this holiday season, there are some things worth doing on your family&#39;s household pc if you do get roped into the job that will make your life a little easier year-round. here are a few of them. 	tech_support family
dear lifehacker,

my parents don&#39;t know much about computers. they&#39;re barely able to operate their dvr. i&#39;m always the one they call for help. while i don&#39;t mind helping some of the time, i think it would be better if they learned a few skills of their own. how can i bring my parents into the technical age without frying their brains? 	parents help computers
it&#39;s no secret that teamviewer, the remote desktop client for windows, mac, and linux, is popular in our neck of the woods.  it&#39;s free and easy to use, but sometimes remote access will feel awkward and sluggish.  these tips will make your teamviewer experience so smooth, you&#39;ll think your home computer is right in front of you.	teamviewer remote_desktop remote_access windows mac linux
whether you&#39;re bummed about logmein&#39;s recent changes or you just want a better way to troubleshoot or access a computer when you&#39;re not in front of it, there are plenty of tools to help. last week we asked you for your picks, then looked at the five best remote desktop tools. now we&#39;re back to highlight the winner.	remote_desktop
managing your own computer from afar or troubleshooting a family member&#39;s pc without being in front of it is much easier when you have a good remote desktop utility to rely on. this week we&#39;re going to look at five of the best remote desktop and management tools, based on your nominations. 	remote_desktop troubleshooting
windows/mac: mikogo sports the basic features you&#39;d expect from a decent desktop sharing tool: whiteboard functionality, mouse pointers for participants, and remote control. where mikogo shines is one-click reversal, you can nearly instantly switch from the current desktop to a viewer&#39;s desktop.	sharing remote_control windows
if you’re buried under unanswered email, and find yourself constantly starting your replies with “sorry for the delay,” do what buzzfeed reporter and creative miscreant katie notopoulos did: answer your emails right away, with just a couple of words. she calls it “emailing like a ceo,” the same phrase used in a 2001 new york times piece about how high-tier executives tend to send terse, misspelled emails.
	email
macs have all kinds of great automation tools, but keyboard maestro is easily the most powerful among them. with it, you can automate almost any repetitive task you do on your mac—from opening web pages at a specific time to rating itunes songs—with just a little bit of set up. keyboard maestro is a little overwhelming at first, so let&#39;s get familiar with how it works and make our first macro. 	mac automation
smart reply is a convenient, time-saving feature that offers up three suggested responses to emails you receive. previously only in inbox on mobile, you can now use it on the desktop.	inbox email
web worker daily details how gmail&#39;s canned responses work wonderfully with smart filters to let you auto-respond to certain people, or emails with certain keywords, when you&#39;re on vacation or too busy to reply right away.	gmail email filters
click to viewit&#39;s no surprise that the killer feature in google&#39;s email offering, gmail, is its search capability. google&#39;s king of the web because it makes information on its billions of pages findable; likewise, gmail makes the megabytes of messages that get pumped into your inbox every day manageable through laser-specific search. if you know how to construct the right query in gmail, you can slice and dice your messages any way you see fit. plug those queries into filters and gmail will automatically process your mail for you as it arrives. gmail&#39;s advanced search, filters and labels make it a god amongst insects in the world of web-based email, but it takes a little know-how to get it working for you.	email feature filters gmail google how_to
blogger and google reader developer mihai parparita details how to expand gmail&#39;s one-line &quot;has the words&quot; input field to a full textarea so that you can more easily build complex and powerful gmail filters. his method requires editing firefox&#39;s usercontent.css file and adding the following:	filters firefox gmail
i recently received an email asking me a simple request. however, the email was three pages long. the whole message could have been three lines, but instead the author decided to write a short novella. needless to say, i didn&#39;t read the whole thing. nor did i respond. are your emails going unread because they are too long? 	email
when you are mailing a busy person—or for that matter, anyone who values their time and doesn’t like long emails—compose your draft and check it on your smartphone first. that’s how you can tell if it’s too long or not, says 99u.	email
multiple omelettes usually means one person has to do the cooking and then everyone can’t eat together. allrecipes has the solution by boiling them in a bag, which lets you make up to eight omelettes simultaneously.	cooking omelettes
 we&#39;ve discussed how you should keep your emails organized and brief, especially when emailing people who get a lot of mail or you know are busy, but the folks at the blog pick the brain have another great suggestion: read your message aloud before sending it to make sure you&#39;re getting the message across. 	email
batteries don’t last forever. all too soon, you’ll notice your laptop and/or smartphone don’t last as long as they used to. to maximize that (sometimes non-user-replaceable) battery’s lifespan and also get more juice out of it during the day, follow these top ten tips.	batteries battery
android only: using a task killer to constantly wipe apps and save battery is not a smart strategy. watching out for the occasional cpu-killing app makes more sense, and that&#39;s just what watchdog task manager does with smart alerts.	android cpu task_killer battery
do you have an old but functioning pc collecting dust in your closet? an iphone 6 that you no longer use? you know it’s time to let them go, but getting rid of your old electronics can be tough. throwing them away is irresponsible, and giving them away can be hard to swallow even if it’s been years since you shelled out cash for them.	electronics
we feature a lot of different diy electronics projects on lifehacker, but the barrier for entry might seem high at a glance. however, it&#39;s not nearly as difficult as it looks. here&#39;s how to get started. 	electronics diy
diy isn’t always the easiest way to do something, but it’s usually the most informative and educational one. this week, let’s check out some great diy tech projects that’ll teach you a ton about the tools you probably use every day—and protect your privacy and give you control over your own data in the process.	diy privacy
if you’re planning on tinkering around with electronics, whether it’s on a raspberry pi, arduino, or anything else, you’ll need to know at least a little bit of programming. hackster.io sent out a survey to figure out which three languages people thought were the best to learn.
	electronics programming languages
got an email address? use a computer? is that a smartphone in your pocket? then you need to get yourself some cloud storage. having an always-accessible repository of your most important photos and files makes sharing files with friends less of a hassle and grants you peace of mind. with options from every major tech company, you might find yourself drawn to one or another based on the tech you use on a daily basis and what each service offers. each option offers both desktop apps and at least one mobile app, and all will automatically upload your photos for safe keeping. some come bundled with office suites while others are able to function as a primitive backup solution for the lazy. whatever your preference, here are the cloud storage services you should consider before your computer’s hard disk decides to kick the bucket.	cloud_storage
correction (9/8/17, 10:15am):  an earlier version of this post incorrectly stated that google was getting rid of google drive entirely, rather than updating the app with backup &amp; sync. the post has been updated throughout accordingly.	google
access to decent cloud storage is practically a necessity these days whether it’s for work or play, but everyone seems to have an opinion on which one is best. let’s break down three of the most popular file syncing services out there and see which one reigns supreme.
	file_syncing cloud_storage cloud
if you don’t have a backup system in place already, today’s the day you build one. in about 15 minutes, we’ll finally get your computer and all of its precious data backed up on a regular schedule. it’s mostly painless in windows 10, and it’s easier than ever. there’s really no excuse not to.
	windows_10 windows data
mac users, hello! let’s argue about which side of your screen is best for your dock. (pc users, please ignore this piece and don’t make fun of us.)	dock mac
by default, you can move your mac&#39;s dock to the right, left, or bottom, in the middle of the screen. those three settings don&#39;t work for everyone, so if you want to move your dock elsewhere, apple site the sweet setup shows how to use terminal to move that dock into corners. 	terminal dock mac
  if you like to keep your dock automatically hidden for more screen real estate on your mac, it might bug you that it takes a good half second for it to show up when you mouse over it. this simple terminal command will eliminate that delay, so it shows up instantly. 	terminal dock mac
if you tend to use a lot of different apps, it’s nice to have a running list of your most recently used. imore points to a nifty terminal command that adds a recently used menu to your dock for easy access.	dock
have you somehow managed to customize your mac’s dock to an unusable state? or perhaps you’re just longing for instant access to all that apple software? if so, defaults-write points out you can get your default dock back easily. 	dock
‘world backup day’ is coming up this friday on march 31st. i’m not exactly planning a hard drive party but it’s a good reminder to revisit your data storage solutions and consider new tech and best practices. here to offer some advice are experts from the team at seagate.
	storage data
if you still haven’t downloaded your old images from flickr, now you have until march 12th to make it happen.
	flickr
flickr isn’t going away, but a lot of your photos will be if you don’t follow its new limitations: 1,000 photos, period. these photos can be any size you want, but you only get a thousand of them. the era of the free terabyte of flickr storage is coming to an end.
	photos flickr
we’re turning the lens around for this week’s tech 911. lifehacker managing editor virginia smith posed a question in our internal slack channel that cuts wide and deep: “it’s safe to delete photos from my iphone, right?”
	tech_911 photos iphone
there are plenty of cloud storage services out there, but which one is the best? and how do you even define “best,” because that word, to me, means “the most i can get without having to pay anything.”	storage cloud cloud_storage
the subject of file backups and online storage came up the other day at a lifehacker staff meeting, and resident door-holder nick douglas chimed in that his solution for backing up his laptop was easy: he never keeps any important files on it. everything—and he means everything—lives in the cloud.
	cloud storage backup
the right time to eat thanksgiving dinner is 4pm.
	thanksgiving dinner
all browsers: google and dropbox are now collaborating on a brand-new “dropbox add-on for gmail,” which will make it easy to share the contents of your dropbox directly within gmail. if you’re going the other way, it’s also a lot easier to dump files directly into your dropbox, saving you the step of having to pull up your downloads folder and manually drag the file over yourself.	browser gmail add-on dropbox download
chrome: dropbox released the beta for their new chrome extension, dropbox for gmail today. as the name suggests, the extension makes it easy to instantly add a link to a dropbox file directly from the gmail web app. 	chrome dropbox
it might seem like dropbox (or other online file syncing and sharing services, like google drive or onedrive), are an ideal backup solution, but this one horror story of someone losing all their photos on dropbox is an excellent reminder: you can&#39;t rely on just one backup method.	dropbox backup
if you’re a longtime dropbox user, you might have noticed that your dropbox folder changed a little yesterday. that’s because the public folder is no longer public.
	dropbox
a while back i decided my apartment looked like a teenager lived there. video games were front and center, comic books were lying all over the place, and there were toys strewn about for no reason. so i made my place look a little more sleek, organized, and  “grown up”—without sacrificing the things i loved.
	
one of my favorite habits that i’ve created since i changed my life nine years ago is having a decluttered home. i now realize that i always disliked the clutter, but i put off thinking about it because it was unpleasant. the thought of having to deal with all that clutter was overwhelming, and i had too much to do, or i was too tired, so i procrastinated.	
there are lots of services you can use to host your files in the cloud. dropbox is one solid option, even though it doesn’t give you a lot of storage to play with if you aren’t paying its monthly fee. still, it’s an incredibly convenient way to access a shared pool of files across your computers and devices. even if it’s reached “household name” status for software, here’s a guide to getting the most out of this great storage solution.	dropbox storage service
so you’ve made the switch to linux. or you’re thinking of making the switch. but you have questions that might be stopping you from fully diving in. one of the biggest concerns most new users have is, “what software is available and how do i install it?”
	linux software
what operating system do you use? for some, that question may as well be posed in latin or sanskrit. for others, it’s an invitation to have a heated debate about the benefits of gui vs. command line, modern day ui vs. old school metaphor, the pros/cons of windows 10, lamp vs. iis … the list goes on and on. for most, however, the answer will be a variation on windows or mac.
	windows mac
whether you’re a seasoned veteran or a command line noob, there’s no way you remember every command, manual page, or tooltip. lucky for you, we have some tools to make the command line less intimidating to newcomers that also help old timers remember what to do in a number of common circumstances. 
	command_line
command line utilities are often reserved for the geekiest amongst us, but many of them are actually better than desktop alternatives. in fact, many are easier to use, waste fewer resources, and often have more keyboard shortcuts. let&#39;s take a look at some of our favorites.	command_line keyboard_shortcuts
keyboard shortcuts only get you so far. if you really want to harness the real power of your computer you need to take it to the command line. this week, learn to use the terminal like a master. 	command_line terminal shortcuts keyboard_shortcuts




lifehacker reader michael writes in with a nifty tip that was lurking in our comments all along, but deserves to see the bright light of posting. if you&#39;re already using the unix-like cygwin, it&#39;s an easy hack to embed cygwin&#39;s commands into your standard windows comand prompt; if not, it might be worth checking out the free download. the instructions follow after the jump.	cygwin unix windows
by gina trapani	
introduction to who? if that&#39;s what you thought when you saw the title of this article, then it&#39;s written for you.	
by gina trapani	
the command line isn&#39;t just for wise linux beards. it&#39;s actually an awesome tool with almost limitless functionality. here&#39;s a primer on how it works, and how you can do almost anything with it.	command_line linux
by gina trapani	
android’s designed largely for mobile users, but since it has linux at its core, it can work with a desktop environment as well. if you’ve ever wanted a linux-style gnu workspace for android, this guide from xda can show you how.	android linux
nintendo’s nostalgia-fueled super nes classic has  been out for less than two weeks, but it’s already been hacked to add more games, custom backgrounds, and more.	
sure, mario kart 8 may have 30 characters and hovercrafts, but there’s something nostalgic about the now-classic mario kart 64. if you want to relive the games of your childhood, an emulator is a decent way to go.	
ready to relive some retro games directly in your web browser? if you’re bored at work and your mind suddenly drifts to those hours you spent punching  a nintendo power pad as a child, don’t worry. you can  warp back to your youth without ever having to leave your desk. check out some of these amazing websites that let you play all the classics right in your browser—no emulator apps or roms needed.
	
the gradual death of adobe flash continues as google intends to “de-emphasize” the plugin with upcoming releases of chrome. starting in september, chrome will block adobe flash elements that run in the background. 	
dear lifehacker,
i want to build an emulation station for retro gaming, but there are so many options! custom pc, raspberry pi, android tablet...which is the best? what are the pros and cons of each?	gaming raspberry_pi pc
a virtual private network (vpn) is a great way to add security to your browsing while also preventing snoopers (including your internet service provider), but vpn providers are notoriously sketchy. you could do some research to find a good one. or you can make your own in about 10 minutes.
	vpn security
 vpns are great for security, but one of the big reasons many people use one is to mask or change their ip address. this lets you get around location-based restrictions on content, or check if your provider is throttling your connection. unfortunately, a new security flaw can reveal your real ip address to prying eyes, even if you’re using a vpn, and it’s easy to exploit. here’s how it works, and what you can do about it.	security vpn
have you heard? internet service providers want to sell your data and a virtual private network (vpn) is the best way to tell them to shove off. there’s a problem though. vpns are notoriously shady, are more complicated than they look, they’re unregulated, and can be more of a security risk than they’re worth if you don’t set them up correctly.
	vpn security data
 you may know what a vpn, or virtual private network, is; you probably don’t use one. you really should be using a vpn, and even if you don’t think so now, at some point in the future you may consider it as important as your internet connection.   	vpn
this week, ars technica and how-to geek released some pretty startling news: a lot of browser extensions are either injecting ads into the sites you visit, or are tracking your entire browsing history—possibly without you knowing. here&#39;s what&#39;s going on.	ads
 in the past few years, vpn services have hit the big time—especially among bittorrent users. these days more and more internet users see running a privacy enhancing service as a requirement rather than just a luxury. they&#39;re not always perfect, though. here are a few tips and tricks that can enhance the security of any vpn. 	privacy bittorrent security vpn
choosing a trustworthy, reliable vpn service provider is hard, but over on reddit, user that one privacy guy collected virtually everything there is to know about most large (and many small) vpns and put them into a single color-coded google sheet that’s easy to read and understand.	privacy vpns vpn trust
we talk a lot about vpns (virtual private networks) around here, and with good reason. there are numerous reasons why using a vpn—both legal and otherwise—is in your best interest. as more internet users have become technologically savvy and security-minded, vpns have broken into the mainstream. some would even have you believe that a vpn is less of a suggestion and more a requirement these days.
	vpn security
if you’re like most people, you probably find an app you want to slap on your smartphone, download it, and install it without even thinking much about what permissions it needs from your device. this is especially true for vpn apps, we wager, because you probably already assume that some other service is going to see all the unencrypted data you send back and forth. that doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t be mindful of what else these apps want; the last thing you need is an app that should be protecting your identity leaking out important information.	vpn
updated 3/20/19: opera’s free vpn for android users (baked into the opera app) is now out of beta and will start rolling out to all users today, via the google play store. update your app today!	vpn opera android
finding a great vpn service can be a challenging task—and that’s putting it mildly. it’s not hard to find any vpn service. there are plenty of apps that promise to encrypt your connection by shuffling it through a third-party server, causing your requests to appear as if they’re coming from said server (even if its halfway around the world) rather than your more easily identifiable device.
	vpn
in our new series getting it, we’ll give you all you need to know to get started with and excel at a wide range of technology, both on and offline. here, we’re arming you with everything you need to know to understand and use virtual private networks.
	
certain users of the privacy-minded tor web browser should download the app’s latest update, which adds a temporary fix to prevent the browser from leaking identifying information, namely ip addresses. the tormoil bug, as named by the security research company that discovered the vulnerability, we are segment, can take advantage of a flaw in the browser to uncover a user’s real ip address, outing anonymous browsers should they click on a particular type of link.	tor
virtual private networks (or vpns) are great for protecting your privacy and data while you browse the web. they provide increased security on public wi-fi networks (coffee shops, airports, etc), and prevent isps from collecting personal data, data they want to sell to advertisers. vpns are also pretty good at letting users circumvent location-based content restrictions put in place by companies like youtube, spotify, and netflix. while they’re not foolproof, here’s how to pick a vpn, and boost your chance of enjoying a bit of star trek: discovery without paying cbs a dime.
	vpn
the linux operating system has evolved from a niche audience to widespread popularity since its creation in the mid 1990s, and with good reason. once upon a time, that installation process was a challenge, even for those who had plenty of experience with such tasks. the modern day linux, however, has come a very long way. to that end, the installation of most linux distributions is about as easy as installing an application. if you can install microsoft office or adobe photoshop, you can install linux.
	linux
in our new series getting it, we’ll give you all you need to know to get started with and excel at a wide range of technology, both on and offline. here, we’re walking you through the process of setting up your own shop with one of the most popular online retail platforms, shopify.
	shopify
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;ve just started selling on craigslist and it&#39;s a little overwhelming. i keep getting lowball offers, half of the emails i get seem like scams, and i&#39;m just worried about meeting up with an untrustworthy person. what can i do to avoid getting screwed when selling on craigslist? 	craigslist selling scams
whether you’re on tinder, hinge,  or tudder (it’s an app for farmers to meet cows, platonically!), safety is key. you never know who you’ll meet when you’re separated by a screen and a grainy photo.
	tinder hinge
people joke that all anyone care about on dating apps is the photos, and it’s kind of true. but you’re not only being judged on a hotness scale—folks are trying to sense of you as a person without reading your bio. a picture says more than you realize about your taste, social life, and world view. here’s what to think about when you’re choosing the perfect pic.	photos dating
frustrated with bumble, tinder, hinge, okcupid and her, i complained to a friend in september about how dating apps had become tedious to me. they asked me if i’d heard of feeld. somehow, i hadn’t.
	feeld
as a tourist, you always suspect that you’re getting a very tailored and commercial experience. sometimes that glitzy, crafted stuff can be fun, but if you want more, there’s a great way to get it: go on a date with a local.	
whether or not you’re interested in the services of a dominatrix, you have to acknowledge that it takes a lot of skill to control another person. even if they’re asking for it. 	dominatrix control
email can be a magnet for mistakes. sometimes, these mistakes are trivial: you add an extra letter to a proper noun somewhere in your message; you accidentally bold part of a word; you use a semicolon instead of a comma. all forgivable offenses.	email
surprisingly few people are comfortable admitting they watch porn, so it&#39;s understandable that you might want to hide your collection from prying eyes. here are a few ways to go about it.	porn
if you’re using multiple accounts in chrome, you know how useful it can be to keep items like your personal and professional emails separate. unfortunately, if you use one a lot more than the other, it’s a hassle to switch from one to the next every day. by following a few guidelines and creating some shortcuts, you can ensure you’re opening the right google chrome profile every time, saving you the annoyance of bouncing between them.
	google_chrome chrome
the pixel 2, like its competition, has ditched the headphone jack, opting to include a single usb-c port on its bottom. while it makes waterproofing the device much easier, it restricts the kinds of accessories you can connect to your smartphone. specifically, every pair of headphones you have ever owned, along with anything else depending on a 3.5mm auxiliary cable. you could, of course, drop some cash on google’s own pixel buds, designed with their smartphone in mind. or, you could get some usb-c headphones. here’s what you should consider before pulling out your wallet: most usb-c headphones are expensive. the ones that aren’t pricey? well, they’re just not that great.	google headphones
 anyone using an iphone might think it’s difficult to switch to an android device. but google’s latest smartphone, the pixel 2, alleviates the anxiety of switching by taking care of all the annoying bits, like copying your photos or contacts. you’ll need to change some settings before you can transfer from one operating system to the next, but the entire process is a lot  less stressful than importing and exporting data you might have trouble properly identifying or moving (everyone hates vcf files). 	iphone android switch
your new smartphone might be missing a headphone jack, but it’s probably got a cool new feature to make up for it: water resistance. google’s pixel 2 and pixel 2 xl smartphones are the latest smartphones from the search engine giant that ditch the 3.5mm jack (boosting the effectiveness of its water resistance efforts) in favor of dust and water resistance. but there’s more than one way to classify a dust or water resistant device. here’s how to determine how durable your new smartphone is without employing a bucket of sand and a garden hose for testing. 	smartphones
the recently released iphone x poses a pretty radical shift in terms of how ios users interact with their smartphone from the moment they pick it up. it’s got a sizable screen, face-scanning technology, and a pair of cameras designed to make your subjects pop without toting a fancy camera.	iphone_x
a few years ago when the home button on my iphone broke, i ended up enabling the button on-screen instead. it wasn’t the optimal way to use the phone, but i was traveling a lot at the time and didn’t really have the time to visit the apple store to get it fixed.
	iphone apple
apple revealed how much it will cost to fix the iphone x without applecare+ on friday and it’s a lot more expensive than it used to be—probably because of that fancy new oled display. if you’ve skipped the protection plan before, you may want to think twice this time around.
	iphone_x apple applecare
the iphone x is almost here, but one of apple’s biggest supporters isn’t very excited for the new phone. steve wozniak, the apple co-founder who’s been cheering from the sidelines since he left the company in 1985, said he won’t be picking up the iphone x on day one in an interview with cnbc.
	apple iphone iphone_x
he travels the world, dances on tv, tinkers with hardware—oh, and designed the apple i &amp; ii personal computers. steve wozniak answers our questions and shares his hacker-ish means of getting things done.	steve_wozniak apple getting_things_done
if you’re dead set on getting one of the new iphone 8s when they start shipping this friday, you have a few options. and some of those options are significantly cheaper than others.	iphone iphone_8
you’ve got your eye on a new iphone 8 or the iphone x, but there’s just one problem: you’re still in a potentially contracted relationship with your iphone 7 or iphone 6, and need to figure out how to efficiently break up before placing your order.
	iphone
the iphone has the largest selection of apps on the mobile side, but that means it’s also the most frustrating to find what’s worthwhile. so we’re highlighting the apps that help you stay productive, connected, informed, and entertained.
	iphone
the iphone long-suffered from no default turn-by-turn navigation app and only a few good third-party options. then, apple released their own version that nearly drowned in criticism. google came to the rescue with the google maps, our new favorite turn-by-turn navigation app. why? it works really well.   	iphone navigation
ios is packed with tons of useful gestures, but some of the best are the ones that are useful when you need them, but you don’t use every day. here are a few of our favorite under-the-radar gestures and shortcuts that are just what you need, when you need them.	ios
ios updates aren’t as exciting as they used to be, so the best stuff is often the little features that slip through the keynote cracks but make your iphone or ipad work much better. case in point, some of the hidden stuff in early ios 10 betas is way more exciting than what apple actually announced this week.
	apple ios_10 beta updates feature
sometimes, the simplest way to do something isn&#39;t the most obvious way. a lot of gestures and shortcuts aren&#39;t exactly intuitive, but they can make certain tasks a lot faster. here are 10 of our favorite shortcuts and gestures on ios.	ios gestures shortcuts
it only took five years since the inductive charging standard’s adoption by nearly every major manufacturer, but apple has finally added qi inductive charging (also known as wireless charging) to its mobile devices. sure, better late than never, but do people need to care about having yet another way to charge their devices, or is that extra long cable good enough? is wireless charging worth the price, or potential compatibility issues?	wireless_charging
when you give your kid a smartphone, the idea is typically that he or she will be much easier to reach. in reality, it many cases it makes it easier for your child to contact their friends and ignore you. a new app, called replyasap, fixes that problem for you, allowing you to send text messages that your kids will have no choice but to respond to.
	kids
being a parent is kind of scary. having kids that are out on their own or, worse yet, driving is even scarier. part of you wants to let them have their privacy and part of you wants to know everywhere they go. so how about you?	kids privacy
perhaps more than any other topic, i’ve found incredible amounts of personal value from the philosophical school of thought known as stoicism. i find stoicism invaluable for navigating the modern world while maintaining any semblance of self-control. i consider the ideas within stoicism to be an essential part of my own financial life (and personal life, as well).	stoicism
it’s easy to forget manners when you’re all alone. from showing up late to meetings and forgetting simple things like “please” and “thank you,” otherwise polite and well-behaved humans can come off as complete jerks in the absence of face-to-face contact. isolation is the culprit, but you don’t have to fall prey.	manners
ramen is one of the best meals for warming up in cold weather, but it can be an intimidating dish if you’ve who’ve only tried the dried stuff in a packet. these tips will get you slurping up noodles like a pro.	ramen meals
we talk a lot about computer security and data security here at lifehacker, but you can never have too many reminders of the basics. here, in a nutshell, are the security tips and habits every computer user should know. consider it a quick way to audit your own security or help others you care about get the essentials down.
	security computer_security
there’s all manner of hand-wringing about the state of sex and relationships in the smartphone era—online dating is ruining romance! and my god, the sexting!
	sex
fantasies come in many different intensities. some are so compelling that you’ve just got to act on them. but other fantasies fall under another category: ones that pique your curiosity, but also make you a bit nervous. maybe it’s a fantasy that’s lingered in the back of your mind, and you’re not sure you want to bring it to fruition. or maybe a partner suggested something that you hadn’t thought of before. when your feelings aren’t very strong one way or another, it can hard to know whether you should actually give it a shot.	fantasies
the phrase “scheduled sex” evokes dread for most couples. we have the idea that sex is always supposed to be spontaneous, so making the decision to schedule sex feels like an admission that your sex life is officially dead. but scheduled sex actually be way more fun than you think. here’s how.	sex
there are plenty of perfectly normal reasons for not wanting to have sex when your partner initiates: you’re exhausted, you’re distracted, you have other things you need to do, you’re just not in the mood. unfortunately, most of us aren’t very skillful at turning our partners down.
	sex
for one of my first columns upon returning to lifehacker, i have masochistically decided to address one of the trickiest questions i get asked as a sex therapist: “how much sex should i be having in my relationship?”
	sex
let’s get real: couples can start getting lazy initiating sex. who here hasn’t tried to initiate sex by clumsily groping at their partner, or blurting out, “i guess it’s been a while. should we do it?” it might feel easier, but it can also feel wildly impersonal. let’s talk about how to initiate sex in a way that will make your partner actually want to say yes.
	sex
ladies, do you want to increase your chances of orgasming? do you want to strengthen the intensity of your orgasms? all with very little time or effort? then let me tell you all about your kegel muscles. 	muscles orgasms
during sex, do you frequently find yourself thinking about grocery shopping, or getting distracted by the cobwebs on the ceiling? it’s frustratingly hard to turn our brains off when we’re being intimate, even though we all know how much better sex can be when we’re mentally present. these tricks can help.	sex
sex is an important part of the evening known as “date night,” but it doesn’t have to happen at the end of the date. in fact, there are a bunch of benefits to getting down before you even head out the door.
	sex
sex is one of the most difficult topics to talk about openly, and there are plenty of people out there who have never had a single honest conversation with a partner about their intimate relationship. if you’re a total sexual communication beginner, here are some straightforward steps to help you get started.	sex
even if you&#39;ve been with your partner for a long time, it can be embarrassing and sensitive to try to express what you like and don&#39;t like when having sex. one common question i get as a sex therapist is how to give feedback, even if you feel shy about it.	sex
around 10 million women in the u.s. take some form of birth control pill, and with good reason: the pill is one of the most effective birth control methods. but messing with your hormones can alter your sex life in positive and negative ways. here’s what you need to know, as a pill-taker or as the partner of one.	birth_control sex hormones
roads are different everywhere, so i wasn’t sure what to expect when lifehacker’s costa rica contingent nominated me to drive the rental car. our roads turned out to be dusty and bumpy, but not hard to drive on if you’re used to this kind of thing. (i found the most stressful part to be parallel parking in a crowded street; they called me a hero for getting our corolla through a small river.) here’s what you need to know about driving on rough roads. 	driving roads
so far, self-driving cars have a safer driving track record than most humans. this seems impressive, but part of the reason is because we suck at driving. we’re in a hurry, we get angry, and we take unnecessary risks. in those areas, self-driving cars have a few things they could teach us.
	driving self-driving_cars cars
i’ve always wanted to drive a tesla. silent electric motors, instant torque, and autonomous driving capabilities? sign me up. as luck would have it, during my christmas vacation spent at my partner’s parent’s home, i was able to drive their tesla model s for a week. the experience was, in a word, magical—primarily because of the differences between a tesla and a traditional automobile. sure, you can just get behind the wheel, adjust your seat, and be on your way, but you’ll be missing out on the little things that make the gas-free driving experience a truly pleasurable experience. with a few tweaks to your driving style  and an adherence to some best practices, you can greatly enhance your maiden voyage in what’s ostensibly the most popular (and powerful) electric car around.	tesla driving
a good night’s sleep is important, especially the night before you hit the road. a recent report suggests that getting just one  hour less of sleep than the minimum recommended seven hours may nearly  double your risk of getting in an accident the next day.
	sleep
safe driving is something many auto insurers reward you for with lower insurance rates, but not everyone has the time or inclination to go to in-person driving classes. online courses are inexpensive, however, and easy to do at your own pace. 	insurance driving
with so many types of driving coverage, either from your personal car insurance or your credit cards, it’s hard to tell what insurance covers what when you drive a rental car. it gets even more complicated when you want to rent a car abroad. here’s what you need to know.
	driving
when renting a car, combing through the fine print of insurance  coverage options can be daunting and, let&#39;s face it, not all that  stimulating. it&#39;s not as exciting as choosing between a flashy  convertible, a sensible compact or the seven-seat mammoth suv.	insurance
even if you&#39;re aware of the free car rental insurance provided by credit cards, unless you read the fine print on your credit card agreements and rental car contracts, it&#39;s just plain confusing knowing how your car rental would be protected. this infogaphic from credit-land spells it all out. 	car_rental credit_cards insurance
when you’re over the age of 24, your options in life are endless—at least when it comes to renting a car. but if you’re a young driver, you better saddle up to the idea of renting an old minivan with crazy, added fees. 	car
many of us have experienced a disastrous flight or a debilitating case of sea-sickness that turned a vacation into a nightmare. well, one company wants to reward one traveler with a trip re-do and cover up to $10,000 in expenses—sea sickness not included. 
	trip vacation flight
there’s no greater panic-inducing moment than being stuck in a slow security line, knowing you have minutes (or even seconds) before your flight departs. if you break into a cold sweat at the mere thought of missing a flight, we hope to provide you some comfort: a number of airlines have rules that ensure you won’t be stranded. how easily you’ll get rebooked on a later flight, though and whether you’ll have to pay often depends on how late you arrive to the airport and whether you’ve made an effort to inform the airline of your tardiness.	flight airport
when you’re overseas, paying in local currency is often the best move for your wallet—except when it comes to flights.	flight
so you’ve finally booked that overseas vacation that’s been marked on your calendar for months now. congratulations! 
	
before you travel abroad, it’s a good idea to let your bank know so they don’t block access to your card when you need it. however, you should also notify them so you can possibly reduce the fees you’ll pay while you’re gone.	travel
saving on travel is all about flexibility, says the anonymous editor-in-chief of the luxury travel site andrew harper. he told lifehacker about a few reliable ways to watch for discounts on luxury travel, one of which will make you feel like a complete master of the universe, which you already know because we spoiled it in the headline.	travel

	spending a lot of money on vacation doesn&#39;t mean you will have a better time than someone who spends less. i&#39;ve been traveling the world for close to a decade on a budget and found that following a few simple tips makes it easy to travel on a budget and still have an amazing trip.	travel money traveling
the temperature is up and the sun is out, and our minds drift to a fantastic summer getaway that let’s be honest—none of us have the time or money to take. not all is lost though. you can get away, even a little, and even on a budget. here are some tips to help you get started.	summer
the days of rushing through an airport like an old-timey sheriff at high noon—loose coins clink-clankin’ around in your pockets—are over, my friends.	
you wake up. you groggily pull up your laptop or sit in front of your desktop with your delicious coffee nearby. once your system loads, you load up google chrome, and you think how nice it will feel to get rid of all of those open tabs someday. you open a new tab anyway and start your morning content ritual.
	chrome tabs google
if you do all your work in a browser, you can end up with dozens of tabs in one window. you could open new windows for different projects and shove tabs around, or develop the monk-like discipline to stop opening tabs. or you could manage them practically by treating your browser like an operating system. the chrome extension workona organizes your tabs into named windows, which you can easily switch between and save for later. it’s like a sophisticated version of chrome’s bookmark and tab-sorting features. and it rescues you from tab overload without punishing you for it.
	tabs chrome workona chrome_extension
chrome: the great suspender is an extension i recommend to anyone who ever uses google’s chrome browser, because it’s an excellent way to keep the browser’s memory use as low as possible. while it’s a delicious meal all on its own, i also recommend pairing the great suspender with the chrome extension cluster. 	chrome browser suspend google
i like to write about different methods for organizing your web browser because my own chrome browser looks like a tab farm. it never fails. no matter how often i dump all of my open tabs into some kind of archive, it only takes a week or two for the problem—in the form of 20+ browser tabs—to reappear.
	tabs chrome browser
i’m the worst at keeping my browser organized—the absolute worst. i’ll open tabs like adding entries on a to-do list, and then forget about them for weeks as more of their peers join the party in the penthouse above chrome’s address bar. 	
chrome: keeping tabs open for long periods of time for work is pretty normal. it’s why pinned tabs exist. if you only need those tabs a few times a day, though, having them open and taking up memory can be an unnecessary drain. the great suspender lightens the load by allowing you to suspend tabs and reload them when you choose.	chrome tabs memory
google chrome likes to use memory and give your processor a good workout if you keep a handful (or more) tabs open on a regular basis. this can have a negative impact on the speed of your computer, and certainly the life of your laptop&#39;s battery. the great suspender solves that problem by shutting those tabs down when they&#39;re not in use. 	chrome google_chrome memory speed
chrome: dayboard is a chrome extension that turns every new tab page into a minimal to-do list that keeps you focused on the most important things on your agenda for the day. you choose the five most important things on your to-do list, and dayboard makes sure they&#39;re front and center.	chrome focus
the web is rife with annoyances. pop-over ads when you visit a page that you have to dismiss, sites that auto-play audio even in background tabs, pages that reload and take all the text you entered with it, they all suck. here are some browser add-ons that make the web a better place for everyone.	annoyances
ted talks are great, but there’s a point where they all seem too similar, or are just taxing to muddle through. if you’d still like to enjoy a smart, engaging talk now and again but you’ve had enough of ted, here are some alternative to boost your brain.	talks ted ted_talks
your daily commute, whether you get behind the wheel and drive or hop on a bus or train and wait, doesn’t have to be sunk, wasted time. whether you use it productively or just use it for a little solace, here are some great ways to make use of the downtime.	
this week we’re checking out what happens to the world’s biggest burger, pizza, or other record-setting food after it sets those records, taking a quick trip around the universe, checking out some of the earliest color photos of life around the world, and staying productive in terrible times. 	photos
the 1900s-era origins of the battle for net neutrality, drone footage of norway’s midnight sun set against it’s beautiful mountains, walt whitman’s suggestions for “manly health and training” and more, in this week’s brain buffet.	brain_buffet health
the unassuming story of the greatest—and ongoing—war in animal history, your next desktop wallpaper, courtesy of nasa, an airline that wants you to join the mile-high club, and much more in this week’s lifehacker brain buffet.	brain_buffet lifehacker_brain_buffet
photos that changed the world and changed minds, how people edited photos before photoshop was a thing, a good reminder to back up your own photos, and well, some more beautiful photos, all in this week’s brain buffet.	brain_buffet photos
in this week’s brain buffet, we get to the bottom of why cats love to curl up in boxes or other small spaces, show off a vending machine that dispenses books, look at some podcasts to start your day, and much more.	brain_buffet cats podcasts
some truly gross stories of bad gym behavior, an uplifting visit to a tea farm that’s been operating for over 600 years, how to get over the whole “x years experience required” in a job application, and more, in this week’s brain buffet!	brain_buffet stories
this week we’re checking out some of the worst “oops!” moments in history, running down some great gpus and peripherals, talking about how fusion energy might work, and some soothing tunes for a hopefully less stressful week.	
dear lifehacker,

i have a long commute. traffic makes it much longer. it&#39;s incredibly boring and i&#39;m sitting down for hours, and i heard somewhere (everywhere) that sitting is going to kill me. how can i make my commute suck less? 	commute traffic
depending on where you live and work, your commute may range from a few minutes to a few hours every day. while there are all kinds of ways to distract or entertain yourself during that travel time, using it productively can be a bit more of a challenge. 	commute
if you have a morning commute, there are plenty of ways to make it suck less. you could fit in some reading. or catch up on podcasts. but where to start? commutekit helps you figure it out.	commute podcasts reading
whether you love taking pictures with a dslr, your smartphone, or something in between, now’s a great time to get that perfect shot. if you need accessories, some lighting, a studio, or other tools to help you get it, here are some great projects that take a little time, energy, and some diy spirit.	diy
i watch youtube like a lot of people watch television. i also love cooking shows, so this week i’m putting both together to share some great youtube channels that will help you get into the kitchen and make something delicious.	cooking youtube youtube_channels
vegetable peels, coffee grounds, corn cobs, dryer lint—they’re all waste for sure, but there’s treasure in that trash. you could compost them, that’s obvious, but let’s talk about some more clever ways to reuse those kitchen scraps before they make it to the bin.	kitchen coffee peels kitchen_scraps
whether we want to admit it or not, it’s back to school season. that means that parents and students alike are all gearing up to spend a ton of money gearing up for class with laptops, school supplies, clothing, and accessories. here’s how to save where you can and keep the cash in your wallet.
	back_to_school
it’s a great time to buy a laptop. back to school deals are on now, and new models are hitting store shelves. we’ve talked about how to pick the perfect laptop, but if you’re headed to college, or even back to school, and aren’t sure what you’ll need, you have it tougher. don’t worry, we’ll help you through it.
	back_to_school school how_to college
your first year of college is expensive. you’ll need clothes, textbooks, gadgets, toiletries, food, maybe even furniture and a place to live. essentially, a ton of crap that your parents paid for your whole life. luckily, your sweet student discounts can ease that transition.
	student_discounts college
as we get ready to say goodbye to the lazy days of summer, it’s time to turn our attention to the new school year. whether you’re a student yourself or a parent responsible for one, make the often harsh transition a lot easier with these four tips for starting the school year off on the right foot.	
it’s an annual tradition for parents all across the country. the summer starts to wind down. they get a letter from school about their student’s enrollment. they start seeing hints of “back to school” at the store. th kids are dressed in clothes that are almost too small and worn from a summer of play.	back_to_school kids school
the lazy days of summer are coming to a close, which means it’s time to start preparing your kid for a more scholarly mindset. here are a few tips to get them out of lazy mode and ease the transition for both of you.	
children of all ages are sharpening their growing brains with technology. with the sea of apps that all claim to be &quot;educational,&quot; though, let&#39;s discuss which ones are really the best for our kids.	kids education apps
welcome to your new digs, college students. hope you enjoy sharing a tiny space with one (or more) roommates. before you move yourself in, here are a few tricks you can use to make your little area go a long way, especially in a shared living environment.	
i just moved into a new place, and it&#39;s great, but it also doesn&#39;t have very much space to store my stuff. yayboo! so i&#39;ve been digging through the lifehacker archives to figure out how i can fit everything in an apartment with just a few cupboards and closets. here&#39;s what i came up with. 	apartment
over-the-door shoe holders are wonderful for organizing lots of household items in addition to their normal function. we&#39;ve previously covered how to use them to store pantry items, cable storage, and gadgets. now, household weblog whine &amp; cheez shares how these versatile holders can help organize your cleaning products. 	cleaning
 if you struggle with bad wi-fi reception, or just don&#39;t have a good table to set your router, you could mount it high on your wall with some inexpensive hangers.	wi-fi router

	most of us who compulsively buy power tools don&#39;t have the luxury of unlimited space. here are a few ideas for getting the most out of storage space in workshops of any size.	storage workshop workshop
the tape measure is one of the handyperson’s tool belt essentials. not only does it look cool and roll out satisfyingly when extended (and retract with a snap), it also happens to be filled with a bunch of efficient features that you may not know about. 	tape_measure handy
don’t throw away those old socks just yet.	socks
we know mr. clean “magic erasers” as the white pads with a shiny bald man telling you to remove scuff marks from walls.	magic_erasers
the humble dryer sheet may seem like the uni-tasker of the laundry room, but in reality, it can improve your life in myriad ways. 	
paper coffee filters are exclusively sold in packs by the thousand for less than $2. this is a universal fact.	coffee_filters
ah, the humble dishwasher. this appliance saves you time and water, and prevents back pain (dishwashing can get awfully uncomfortable, even with one of those mats for standing at the kitchen sink). but that’s not all it can do. scrub (get it?) through the video above to see some of our favorite dishwasher tricks.	dishwasher
great news for people who hate doing dishes: if you have a dishwasher, washing your dishes by hand is a colossal waste of water, energy, time, and money, and you can prove it with math. 	dishes water
you wake up in the morning, stagger to the kitchen to brew some coffee, and that’s when the smell hits you. it’s robust, wretched, and it’s coming from your sink—dirty dishes. the night before you filled some crusty bowls and pans with water under the pretense of cleaning them later on, but you forgot and now you’re regretting it. it’s time to stop lying to yourself—it’s time to stop soaking.
	dishes kitchen cleaning
if the people in your household do a good job of scraping or rinsing off their plates before sticking them in the dishwasher, it can be hard to tell when the dishes inside are clean or dirty. a small, upright glass makes for a great indicator.	dishwasher dishes
hand washing dishes before you put them in the dishwasher has a great psychological benefit. your dishes feel cleaner and you’re less likely to have to rewash dishes. you can also waste gallons of water per load.	dishes dishwasher
with more and more states signing abortion bans into law, it’s no surprise that facebook is crawling with abortion-related misinformation. this time, though, it’s more than a handful of viral links making the rounds; it’s the overwhelming majority of abortion news shared on facebook. 	facebook abortion
it’s happened before, and with another presidential election looming next year, it’s going to happen again and again. the spread of “fake news,” the incorrect labeling of real news as “fake,” and overall confusion as to how to tell the difference.	fake_news news
chrome: the same open-source software company that wants to keep crappy advertising out of your browser also wants to keep “fake news” from enriching your life. or, at the very least, eyeo wants to show you whether your favorite news sites are full of fud and bias. and if that’s your cup of tea, take a big, strong sip; if not, you can move along knowing you weren’t suckered in by outrageous statements and outright falsifications.	chrome fake_news news
your browser might be doing someone else’s dirty work behind your back, mining cryptocurrency for malicious individuals using your desktop or laptops to create the digital currency, which can potentially be exchanged for real cash. according to wired, hackers have found a way to inject javascript-based cryptocurrency mining software into compromised sites, borrowing your processing power (and slowing down your computer) to generate the cryptocurrency monero without the approval of the site or its visitors. luckily, there are some ways to stop the dirty tactic without resorting to staying off the internet for good.
	cryptocurrency
despite its reputation for getting constantly hacked, cryptocurrency like bitcoin remains a hot commodity. if you’ve got a satoshi or two in your wallet, you probably want to stay up to date on its value to make sure you don’t lose your shirt if (let’s be real, when) it crashes. that’s where bitcoin tracker comes in.
	bitcoin cryptocurrency
bitcoin is an interesting, if complicated way to store and spend money. if you have a stash laying around, valve will now take it off your hands in exchange for sweet deals on games.	bitcoin valve
adblock plus, previously one of our favorite tools for blocking ads, cleaning up clunky web site interfaces, and preventing web site tracking is now selling “acceptable” ads themselves. these “acceptable” ads are meant to replace intrusive ads and be the perfect middle ground for consumers and advertisers.	adblock adblock_plus
no matter your political persuasion, the phrase “fake news” is one of the most insufferable—especially if you have a few “won’t somebody think of the children?”-esque friends who are always filling up your facebook news feed with reasons why humanity is doomed. 	facebook
you can’t stop facebook from tracking everything you do on the social network (unless you delete your account, of course), but there is a way to stop it from tracking where you go once you leave the company’s walled garden. all you need is mozilla’s new firefox browser extension: facebook container.
	facebook firefox
when you buy an apple device, you agree to a bunch of restrictions.  you don’t have as much control over your phone, third-party apps don’t have access to all the features that apple’s software does, and they ban tons of other apps from their store.  but if you agree to live under their roof you have the benefits of faster, super-integrated apps.  so what’s better: going your own way, or life as apple intended?	apple feature
last week, the podcast reply all investigated the persistent rumor that facebook records users’ conversations and uses them to target ads. facebook denied it, and co-host alex goldman was convinced. but for the second half of the episode, goldman talked to people who have talked about a product, then seen it pop up in facebook ads. he presented alternate explanations for their experience. he couldn’t change a single person’s mind. and even if you already agree with goldman, his complicated explanations sound weak against the simple explanation that facebook is always listening.
	facebook reply_all
there’s no doubt you’ve given some ios apps access to personal data like your photo library or contact list. but if you’ve given them access to your camera, they could be doing a lot more than you’re aware of behind the scenes, including photographing you without your knowledge. luckily, you can stop the surreptitious data collection without resorting to never taking a photo again.	ios
if you’re worried about apps tracking your location, it’s not enough to limit your location sharing. you need to limit camera-roll sharing too. if you’ve ever given an app access to your camera roll—to take photos, or store screenshots, or any given reason—you’ve also let it see where all those photos were taken. felix krause, an ios developer and security writer, built an app to demonstrate this back door:
	location_sharing ios camera_roll photos security

	your photos might be revealing your location without you realizing it. here&#39;s how to make sure your phone doesn&#39;t log the location of each photo you take.	photos

	it never fails: you set your remote down on the couch or end table just to find it miraculously disappear later. this diy couch pillow mod shows you how to &quot;install&quot; your remote into your couch pillow so you never lose it again.	diy

	if you&#39;re using evernote the right way, you probably have a lot of content to sift through. evernote&#39;s table of contents feature helps you find your notes quickly when they&#39;re piling up.	evernote notes

	mac: chat heads may not be your favorite addition to smart phones, but it saves you from tabbing back and forth in your web browser on your computer. chat heads for mac is free and available.	mac chat_heads

	web: sharing photos, youtube videos, and other web content is easy, but an easy way to share movies has been uncharted territory until now. wavelength is a movie library in the cloud that links to your friends&#39; libraries so you can watch theirs, and share with them, too.	movies sharing friends cloud
within pretty much every photo is exif data, or an account of practically every setting on the camera at the time the photo was taken (and more). if you&#39;re just learning the basics of photography, one way to improve your skills is to study the work of professionals. as how-to tech blog how-to geek points out, thanks to exif data you can often find out every last detail of what they&#39;re doing.	photography exif camera
dear lifehacker,  
my very expensive dslr camera just got stolen. is there any way i can find the thief and get my camera back? 	
  iphone/android: if you buy or sell on craigslist, download this officially-licensed craigslist app for your mobile device and keep up with listings on the go. mokriya craigslist sports a pretty and easy-to-use interface, along with features like advanced search and, for the premium version, alerts, bookmarking listings, and streamlined ad posting. 	craigslist
with ios 11, apple introduced the heif format for photos. heif stands for “high efficiency image format,” and allows the photos you take on your phone to be squished down to the smallest possible size without losing quality. that smaller size means you can take a whole lot more pictures before you run out of space on your iphone (or the fact that you’re a shutterbug isn’t going to prevent you from downloading an app).
	iphone ios_11 apple
iphone: apple’s default camera app is a multifaceted photo capture tool, and simple enough to use. from panoramas to videos to hdr pictures, you can capture a variety of images, but can’t reach that granularity you might want if you’re trying to frame that perfect shot. photographers looking for more control should check out halide ($4.99), a great app for dedicated photographers who want controls at their fingertips or amateurs who want to play with the principles of the medium.	halide
sometimes, you just need the simplest, smallest, easiest way to carry a camera. over at oppositelock, atlasm shares their bag for just that.
	
shooting decent video is more than pointing a camera at something and hitting record. if you want to transform your videos from mediocre to great, here’s what you need to work on.	video videos
if you own an iphone, you already have what you need to make professional-looking videos. whether you’re just dabbling or a video wizard, you can shoot videos so good-looking that people won’t believe you used a phone. here’s how.
	video iphone
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;m by no means an aspiring film director, but i&#39;ve never been happy with the results when i shoot video on my phone, and sharing that video always seems more of a pain than it&#39;s worth. help? 	video
most of you have probably seen facebook&#39;s new &quot;frictionless sharing&quot; apps—like socialcam or even the washington post&#39;s social reader—pop up in your news feed, automatically sharing videos your friends have watched (probably without them realizing it). facebook has implemented some new rules to avoid accidental auto-sharing, but it doesn&#39;t make these apps any less of a plague on facebook. here&#39;s what you need to know. 	facebook social news
keeping your facebook info private is getting harder and harder all the time—mostly because facebook keeps trying to make it public. to help you out, we&#39;ve created a comprehensive guide to keeping your facebook locked down and in your control, and we&#39;re going to keep it updated whenever facebook decides to add a new feature or change its privacy defaults...yet again. 
	facebook privacy feature
facebook started rolling out a big change in the way it handles privacy today. now, your settings are just a click or two away, and are easier to understand than ever, ensuring you have complete control over who sees your stuff. 	facebook privacy
firefox: firesheep sniffs out and steals cookies—and the account and identity of the owner in the process—of popular web sites (like facebook and twitter) from the browsing sessions of other users on the wi-fi hotspot you&#39;re attached to.	wi-fi identity firefox facebook twitter
the web is filled with opportunities to humiliate yourself. you reply all with a scathing takedown of your boss; you post pictures on facebook of a drunken night out and your mom starts to worry; you accidentally tweet a picture of your downstairs business to the internet at large. this simple tool helps you protect the privacy of your weiner whenever possible.	weiner
dear lifehacker,
i want to get started making some youtube videos, and maybe even a short film, but i&#39;m not sure what i need to get.  i also don&#39;t want to spend a ton of money.  how can i get started on a budget?	film video
diy site instructables shows you how to turn nearly any plastic bottle into a tripod (make that monopod) for your camera.	diy
iphone batteries are one of those things that no matter how long they last, it isn’t going to be long enough. there’s even an entire industry built on selling backup batteries for our smartphones and tablets to keep them going once the battery runs out.	iphone
ios 11 brings a lot of new and exciting features to the iphone and ipad. it also brings a lot of pretty annoying ones.
	ios_11 iphone ipad
having some trouble sending an office email on your iphone? you downloaded ios 11, didn’t you. sure, it’s got some dope upgrades inside, but it’s also the first version of the new operating system, and that means bugs. true to form, a software issue in ios 11 is preventing exchange email servers from sending and receiving messages, affecting outlook, office 365, and exchange server 2016 users. the good news is that apple’s latest ios update, 11.0.1 fixes the issue, along with some other unspecified bugs.	ios_11 software ios
ios: having an elaborate, secure password on your wi-fi network can be a great thing. a great thing until that weekend you have guests visiting from out of town and they have to try your 20-character wi-fi password a dozen different times because a zero looks like an o or they couldn’t tell from your chicken scratch which letters are capitalized and which aren’t.
	
cracking wi-fi passwords isn&#39;t a trivial process, but it doesn&#39;t take too long to learn—whether you&#39;re talking simple wep passwords or the more complex wpa. learn how it works so you can learn how to protect yourself.	wi-fi wep how_to wpa
if you purchased a macbook pro at some point between 2015 and 2017, you should probably double check that it won’t spontaneously combust on you.
	macbook_pro mac
apple designs its products to be simple and foolproof, but also nearly impossible for the average user to fix themselves—meaning customers have to go through either an apple store, an apple-approved third-party servicer, or ship their products to apple for repairs. while plenty of bigger cities have at least one or two apple store locations, the limited number of apple-approved repair locations is inconvenient for those who live in smaller and rural communities. thankfully, apple seems to have realized this and has expanded its network of certified apple repair providers to include all us best buy stores.
	apple apple_store best_buy
apple recently released the second (developer) version of the ios 13 beta. that means features plenty of bug fixes and new features. like sorting for your notes checklists (to move completed items to the bottom), new animoji stickers, a slider for adjusting the intensity of portrait mode lighting, and a prompt that asks you if you also want to unsubscribe from subscription apps you delete.	ios_13 ios beta apple
it’s time to try out all the new features and tweaks apple has been cooking up back in its cupertino labs—if you’re a developer, that is. while apple is now previewing the latest and greatest versions of ios, macos, tvos, and watchos as betas, you can only (officially) access them if you’re paying apple $99 a year to partake in its developer program. 	ios macos tvos watchos apple
this week, apple announced that the next version of ios is on the way, and that they’ll be adding a lot of interesting new features to the operating system that powers the iphone. the new version, ios 13, will include big additions—like the ability to sign in to websites using face id—and small ones—like a nice-looking dark mode. when ios 13 rolls out to everyone this fall, you’ll see a lot of cool changes.	apple iphone
apple is hosting its annual worldwide developer conference this week and, as expected, kicked off the conference by unveiling ios 13, the next version of its mobile operating system, during the show’s opening keynote. apple showed off a lot of stuff, including key improvements to overall privacy, overhauled apps, and sweeping software changes for ipads. here’s a rundown of the changes you’ll notice, and what they mean for your iphone.	apple ios ios_13 iphone
apple’s wwdc press conference was packed with new features for all its numerous operating systems, and the apple watch’s watchos 6 had some of the most interesting—including a new app store, various improvements, additions to its health tracking features, and even some new aesthetic options. here are all the watchos 6 features apple showed off at wwdc 2019.
	wwdc_2019 wwdc apple watchos
apple’s annual developer’s conference kicks off today in san jose, california. the conference happens every year for developers and is traditionally where apple shows us what it has in store for the software on apple devices like ios, macos, and watchos.
	apple ios
apple’s worldwide developer conference officially kicks off on monday in san jose, california. if you weren’t able to snag a ticket to this year’s conference (or you’re just interested in the software announcements), you can catch a lot of the action online.
	apple
here’s a helpful trick that can potentially nab you a fresh replacement pair of apple airpods if you suspect that they aren’t performing as well as when you bought them new. the only catch is that your airpods still have to be under their one-year warranty in order for this to pay off.
	airpods apple
by design, changing the volume on apple’s airpods requires either using the volume buttons on your phone, or using siri to increase or decrease the volume. while your iphone adjusts the volume in 6 percent increments, siri adjusts the volume in 12–13 percent increments. obviously that reduces the number of times you need to request a volume change, but it also removes fine-grained control. how do you get it back?	airpods siri apple
if you didn’t know that the macos finder has built-in tabs, prepare for your mind to be blown—at least, if you’ve previously filled your desktop with  new finder windows when managing files. instead of relying on command + n, switch your finger up and to the left, and command + t will allow you to open a ton of tabs in a single finder window.	macos finder tabs
the latest and greatest version of macos is here. whether you’ve been bingeing on the beta for months or forgot all about version 10.14 of apple’s desktop operating system, you can download the final version of macos mojave starting right now. well, maybe.
	apple macos macos_mojave operating_system mac
macos mojave is in public beta now, and it has a lot of cool features that might not totally change the way you use your mac, but will speed up parts of your workflow, help keep your files organized, and make you smile with customizable touches.
	macos macos_mojave mac
it’s a pretty specific issue, but an annoying one. if you’re playing around with the latest public beta for apple’s macos mojave—as of when we wrote this article—and you’re a big fan of chrome, you might have wondered where your checkboxes and (some) website buttons have gone. 	chrome mac macos mojave apple
apple unveiled some killer new features in its wwdc 2018 keynote presentation earlier this month. in ios 12 (which you can beta-test right now), users will be able to train siri, stop sites from tracking them, and limit how much time they spend in apps. the worst part? these new features won’t officially launch until fall.
	wwdc apple ios ios_12
when it comes to technology, jumping between different products and platforms is a fact of life for most people. unless you’re a diehard apple fan or you’re obsessed with samsung, you’ve probably tested the waters with a competing device at least once before.
	apple
it&#39;s no secret that i&#39;m an android guy. i worked for two years at an android-focused site and i own multiple devices with &quot;nexus&quot; in the name. still, i couldn&#39;t be happier about apple&#39;s announcements yesterday. why? because what apple does affects us all.	apple android
if you made it through the holiday season without buying a new smartphone (or getting one as a gift) you may be itching for an upgrade. and if you’re an apple fan, go crazy—we probably won’t see a new iphone until late-2018 anyway—but if you’re an android user you should wait, at least until the galaxy s9 arrives next month.
	galaxy_s9
in late december, galaxy note 8 owners started to report a bizarre issue with the phone’s battery. if the power dropped too low it couldn’t be recharged, making it impossible to use the device at all once the battery dies.
	galaxy_note_8
samsung already released a beta version of android 8.0 oreo for the galaxy s8, but if you’re using the company’s newest smartphone you’re still stuck on last year’s nougaty operating system—until now. an oreo beta for the galaxy note 8 leaked this week, and you can install it right now with a little bit of work.
	galaxy_note_8 samsung
it’s been just over three months since google released android 8.0 oreo, but unless you’re using one of the company’s own devices, you still might be missing out on the latest version of android.
	android
this week google started rolling out android oreo to devices. it’s been available as a public beta for some of the company’s more recent pixel and nexus devices since may, but now carrier testing is underway for some of those models, so the official version is likely headed to devices sooner rather than later.
	android oreo
with over two million apps in the play store, android is home to one of the biggest app stores in the world. soon they’ll even be on your favorite chromebooks as well. in this year’s annual lifehacker pack, we’re picking the must-have downloads for every category of app you could ever need.	lifehacker_pack android downloads
if you bought the pixel 2 or you’re using an older google-branded smartphone, you’ve already got android 8.0 up and running. but for everyone else, that update is still out of reach. thankfully, it looks like samsung is getting ready to test the latest version of android on the galaxy s8 and galaxy s8 plus.
	android google samsung galaxy_s8
i’ve been using samsung’s note 8 for about a month now. i love the display on the phone and the camera, but i’m pretty much constantly annoyed by the phone’s bixby button. the dedicated button on the left side of the phone is designed to give you quick access to to the personal assistant. that’s great if you want to use it often. however, if you’re ham-fingered like me, then you end up accidentally pressing it pretty much every time you try to lower the volume on your phone, or pull it out of your pocket, or when you try to take a picture... really pretty much any time you’re holding the phone.
	bixby samsung
in a world where every smartphone seems to come with its own version of siri, samsung is finally ready to release its own, fully functioning ai-based virtual assistant. 	samsung virtual_assistant
samsung is bringing its smartphone browser to all android phones (assuming you’re running android 5.0 or up), and it has one big advantage over google’s own chrome browser. the samsung internet app features a built-in ad tracking blocker to keep other websites from following your activity across the internet.
	samsung google chrome android
chrome: when you want to visit a website without being tracked, incognito mode can log you out and prevent most tracking. however, you lose your extensions by default. fortunately, you can enable them.	chrome incognito
google’s adding some more security features to its chrome browser, with the first changes rolling out to windows users today. the update improves both chrome and google’s chrome cleanup tool, which monitors extensions attempting to modify user settings like default search engines, along with malware designed to insert additional ads in your browser window. perfect timing, considering the recent spate of chrome extensions found collecting user data, impersonating more popular chrome extensions, and even mining cryptocurrency without user consent.
	chrome chrome_extension
google has a long history of introducing, then forgetting about, and finally officially killing off its products. most recently, that included google spaces, a service that most of us never knew existed to begin with. let’s take a tour of some of our favorite services google’s killed off over the years.
	google
no, it&#39;s not a month-late april fool&#39;s joke—the google personalized homepage is now igoogle, and it&#39;s sporting new features to boot.	google_personalized_homepage google homepage igoogle
dress up your google homepage with one of six colorful new themes.	google_homepage google homepage themes
by rick broida	
by rick broida	
yesterday, rick made a comprehensive rundown of some of the most popular internet homepages out there, and in the comments, a lot of you weighed in on what you use.	homepage
in the reader poll yesterday, i asked what comes up first on your browser homepage. the most popular browser homepage among survey particants is a customized &quot;my home&quot; page (24%) with a search engine a close second (23%). (the 7% of you who have not changed your browser settings likely also have such a page come up first since these tend to be defaults in programs.)	poll


microsoft has a helpful how-to page on using editing gestures on a tablet pc running windows xp.	microsoft tablet_pc windows_xp
most folks these days don&#39;t just pitch credit card applications in the recycling bin without destroying them in some manner, since they could be used by someone else to obtain a card in your name. however, it turns out that simply tearing apart the forms may not be enough of a deterrent.	credit_card
reader charles was looking for a way to stream his music library via netvibes, his preferred rss reader. when he couldn&#39;t find one, he mashed up a solution using slimserver. now he can stream his mp3s from any web-connected pc!	netvibes mp3s music
listen up, itunes users: now you can tune into your music library from any pc (or even a windows mobile 5 smartphone). all you need is a free avvenu account and the new avvenu music player.	itunes music
if you&#39;re like most of us here at lifehacker, you have a thankless second job as tech support for friends and family. and you know how utterly frustrating it can be to troubleshoot or fix a problem over the phone. it would be so much simpler if you were actually sitting at their pc.	tech_support
netvibes user nathan writes in to say that he could spend hours checking sites like digg and techmeme at the expense of getting things done. so he placed all those active feeds into one netvibes tab called &quot;twice daily,&quot; and wrote a greasemonkey script that hides that tab all day long except for one hour in the morning and one hour at night.	netvibes greasemonkey
 nothing’s more heartbreaking than when one of your favorite services—one you rely on every day—announces it’s shutting down. it’s a pain, but you don’t have to just accept it. here’s how you can find a replacement that doesn’t suck.	services
 ideas aren&#39;t tasks, but for some reason, many of us manage our ideas alongside our to-do lists. wunderkit, on the other hand, gives you a platform specifically for managing your ideas. it&#39;s a great idea bank—or a place for all of your projects, goals, and the things that come out of your brainstorming sessions that you catch yourself wishing you could remember later. 	ideas idea_bank
mac os x is blessed (or perhaps plagued) with more to-do apps than you could ever use. our favorite is wunderlist thanks to its solid set of features, syncing capabilities, cross-platform compatibility, and $0 price tag. 	mac mac_os_x apps
windows has a few good to-do apps up its sleeve, not to mention more webapps than you can shake a stick at. our favorite of the bunch is wunderlist, a syncing, full-featured, and free app for multiple platforms. 	windows webapps apps
linux has a surprisingly large number of to-do apps available for it, including our favorite windows and mac app: the simple, good-looking, easy-to-use wunderlist. 	linux apps
you&#39;ve just returned from running errands: you went to the grocery store, picked up the dry cleaning, even stopped for coffee—but crap, you forgot to stop by the post office right next to the coffee shop. location-aware to-do service reqall makes sure that won&#39;t happen again. like any other to-do app, reqall helps you stay on top of projects and to-dos, but it also brings your tasks to you at the right time, including when you&#39;re near the place you need to do something. think of reqall as your personal assistant that knows where you are and what you have to do there, what you have coming up, and when to remind you that your work is due. 	to-dos reqall personal_assistant top
  we&#39;re busy people, and can&#39;t be expected to spend every second poring over all the email, news, and other info we&#39;re bombarded with every day. reqall rover gives you personalized, location-based information on your phone for everything you need to know.	email news
facebook is the most popular social network on the internet. it&#39;s a million things to nearly a billion people, and while facebook does a handful of things competently, it&#39;s truly great at next to nothing. 	facebook
face it: google runs your life. the search giant turned web ecosystem owns your email, calendar, and even your voicemails. your most important data lives on google&#39;s servers. what you may not realize is that, despite the quality of google&#39;s products, someone else is doing it better—and placing all your eggs in google&#39;s basket isn&#39;t necessarily the best thing. here&#39;s a look at alternative services you can use in place of google&#39;s webapps. 	google email calendar
  google&#39;s adding a new feature to its search engine that will personalize your search results based on your google+ account activity. dubbed &quot;search, plus your world,&quot; it will push content from you and your google+ network into search results.	google google+ search
from the files of the acquisition totally makes sense dept.: universal password manager lastpass, maker of our favorite any-browser-anywhere security solution, is acquiring xmarks, the bookmark syncing tool that was scheduled to shut down in january 2011 from lack of revenue, but then bought and saved (the unnamed buyer, whom we now know). the key figures for subscribers? the free plan sticks around, but a premium plan, with android/iphone apps and priority support, will go for $12 per year, and you can bundle lastpass premium into that deal for $20 a year. intrigued? go ahead and check out the upgrade to xmarks premium. [xmarks blog via boomtown]	xmarks lastpass syncing
back in september, we heard that bookmark-syncing service xmarks was shutting down in 2011, which came as awful news to those of us who relied on the any-browser extension to keep our bookmarks in sync no matter what browser we were using. as it turns out, the service has found someone to buy it and keep it going—with free and premium components. it&#39;s unclear what portion of the service will be free and what will be premium, but it&#39;s still likely to come as good news for xmarks lovers. thanks rob! [xmarks blog]	bookmarks syncing news
bookmarking site readability, one of the first read-it-later services, will shut down on september 30th. after that, you won’t be able to access the articles you’ve saved. here’s how to export your articles to instapaper or pocket. 
	bookmarking readability pocket instapaper
there are two kinds of people in this world: impossibly organized saints... and all the rest of us, with our 27 tabs open in chrome at any given time. sure, keeping all those tabs open is its own kind of organization—i’m saving this to read later, i need that open for reference—but when one of those pages becomes unresponsive and we need to force-quit chrome, the whole house of cards comes crashing down.	chrome
chrome may be the best browser around, but it eats up your pc’s ram like turkey on thanksgiving. if you’ve ever looked at your task manager, you’ve probably flipped out at the sheer number of chrome processes and the memory they hog. here’s why chrome uses so much ram, and how to curb its gluttony.	chrome ram
the ios 13 beta has provided us with a preview of the new dynamic backgrounds that iphone users will be sporting when ios 13 rolls out to the public this fall. the new backgrounds on ios 13 shift colors based on whether you’re using the light or dark  theme. static images don’t do this on their own, but since macos started supporting dynamic desktop backgrounds in mojave, it’s possible to recreate ios 13&#39;s wallpaper effects on your mac with minimal effort and just a few extra files.	ios macos mac
it’s hive five time again! and we want you to tell us about your favorite desktop media players.
	hive_five tell_us media_player
last week, we asked you to tell us about the camera apps—for ios or android—that you can’t live without. our hive five hunt was prompted by my work on the ios and android lifehacker packs, when i noticed that there are a ton of different third-party camera apps you can grab for your device. i thought i found some great ones, but i wanted to be sure i didn’t miss anything that a lot of people love to use.	hive_five ios android apps camera
there are way too many camera apps for ios and android. and if you’re anything like my friends, you just stick with the basics: the stock app your smartphone shipped with. good enough for silly selfies, shots of your pet being lazy, and instagrams of your food, right?	ios android camera apps
trying to find the perfect ios apps can be tough, and we’re willing to bet that your iphone or ipad is full of pages and pages of apps. there’s just so much out there, it’s hard to come up with a short list of favorites. we understand. allow us to help you with our freshly updated lifehacker pack for ios.
	lifehacker_pack ios iphone ipad apps
there are a bunch of great apps you can install on your mac—no question there. separating amazing apps from must-have apps is the hard part, and we don’t want you to spend hours analyzing the mac app store (or scouring the web) to find the very best and most useful apps. we’ve made a list of champions across four categories: productivity; internet and communications; music, photos, and video; and utilities.	mac productivity utilities communication
spotlight is a great way to search for just about anything on your mac, but it’s usually a couple more clicks to get to the get info panel if you need it. os x daily points out you can get there quickly with a keyboard shortcut.
	spotlight search mac os_x
spotlight search is great, but some search terms come up with a ton of different document categories. os x daily points out that you can easy jump between those different categories with a keyboard shortcut.
	os_x spotlight search
it is pretty easy to hunt down a file on a mac using spotlight, but unless you’ve gone looking for something very specific, you’ve probably never bothered to click on the “other” tab in finder’s search panel. six colors reminds us just how powerful that search parameter is.
	search finder spotlight
need to just quickly play a song from you hard drive, but don’t want to go through the trouble of opening up itunes? os x daily points out that spotlight’s the best choice for doing so. 	os_x spotlight itunes
apple announced all kinds of stuff today, including their new streaming music service, ios 9, os x el capitan, and watchos 2. it was a long conference, so let us sum it up for you.	apple ios_9 ios os_x_el_capitan os_x
we loved flashlight when it first launched as an experiment
    and today it’s officially out of beta. that means it’s a little more stable, faster, and has a bunch of new plugins.	
spotlight does all kinds of great stuff, and os x daily points out that there’s also an easy way to get a quick look at a web page.	spotlight os_x

	when we first talked about flashlight, it was still in beta. even then, it was a promising way to enhance spotlight in os x yosemite with more search results. now, the app&#39;s much more mature and with a bunch of plugins, it&#39;s incredibly powerful. let&#39;s take a look at how to set it up and find some of the most useful plugins.	search spotlight os_x_yosemite os_x

	a glitch in os x yosemite&#39;s spotlight search can expose private details if you&#39;re an apple mail user. the glitch exposes your ip address and other system details to spammers and other online tracking companies.	apple os_x_yosemite spotlight
for whatever reason, you can&#39;t initiate reboot commands from spotlight in yosemite. github user siong1987 created a set of apps that adds restart, sleep, logout, and shutdown commands to spotlight.	spotlight
spotlight in yosemite is awesome, but for some reason, it doesn&#39;t show you the file path of whatever you&#39;re searching for. if you need it, you can access it by simply tapping the command key. 	spotlight
mac: os x yosemite added a bunch of cool stuff to spotlight, but it&#39;s still a little lacking. flashlight is an app still in early alpha that adds some handy new features. 	yosemite os_x_yosemite spotlight
if you need to do some serious nighttime spotting, you can make a powerful spotlight using a flashlight focusing light through a large magnifying glass.	spotlight flashlight
iphone: spotlight is pretty handy on ios, but it&#39;s not perfect. it&#39;s also not that customizable if you want to add your own services. searchr is a tool that allows you to do both. 	search spotlight ios
spotlight is an awesome way to search for stuff, launch apps, and even quickly google things in ios. but it&#39;s really only as good as you make it. finer things in tech reminds us that to make it really useful, you&#39;ll need to customize what spotlight shows you.	spotlight
apple took the wraps off of os x at the worldwide developer&#39;s conference today, dubbed &quot;yosemite.&quot; it&#39;ll feature a new interface with elements of ios 7&#39;s &quot;flat&quot; design and color scheme, new interface, updates to icloud and mail, features to sync ios and os x devices, and more.  	yosemite os_x icloud interface
we&#39;ve covered programs dedicated to analyzing what files are taking up the most space on your mac, but if you want a quick and instant way to find those large files, apple&#39;s spotlight is the answer.
 	mac spotlight space
if you have a lot of apps installed, it&#39;s a pretty good idea to go through and audit out what you don&#39;t use now and again. however, doing so usually involves flipping through a ton of folders or messing around in itunes. if you want a quicker way, idownloadblog shows off how to quickly see all your installed apps in a list using spotlight. 	spotlight
while you can use spotlight pretty easily with the command+space hotkey, you might want a little more control over the results you get.  utilizing the mdfind command in the os x terminal can make that happen quickly.	spotlight
mac: spotlight is a fantastic, quick way to search for files, but sometimes you might want to hide  files from spotlight search. os x daily shows off a simple way to hide files from spotlight by just adding a suffix. 	os_x spotlight search mac
when google keep launched, it never got the fanfare it deserved. the people that did review it compared it to all the wrong apps, like evernote or microsoft onenote. that&#39;s a shame, because a surprisingly good note taking app went under the radar, underrated for coming up short against contenders it wasn&#39;t designed to face. it&#39;s about time to give google keep a fair shake, see where it shines, and how it fits in with the competition.	google google_keep note_taking
google is closing google reader&#39;s doors on july 1st, meaning you&#39;ll need to find a new way to get your news fix. here&#39;s how to export all your feeds and put them into a new reader (and which ones you should check out).	google_reader google news
google keep, google&#39;s new syncing note taking service, is now available as a free chrome app. after you add it to chrome, keep will launch in its own window, allowing you to type out notes and lists on the fly as you browse. it&#39;ll also remain available when offline. you can pick it up at the chrome web store.	google chrome google_keep keep
i’ve long been a fan of plain text for everything from notes to general writing, but it wasn’t until recently that i found my holy grail: an app that could sync with multiple devices and handle multiple output types. ulysses. it’s the plain text version of evernote i’ve always wanted.
	writing
 surprise! mountain lion has a great new secret feature: basic text expansion. here&#39;s how to set it up and some handy shortcuts to get you started. 	text_expansion text
you keep hearing about a certain tv show or podcast or video game. should you try it out, is it for you, what’s its deal? you could watch trailers and see the best bits, or read about it on wikipedia and imdb and learn nothing about what it’s actually like. or you could check what your friends are saying about it online.
	tv
chances are that you&#39;ve said to yourself, at least once, that you need to read more. whether you&#39;re too busy to read a book or you just have trouble getting attached to one, we have a few tips to help you schedule in your reading so you actually get it done and enjoy it.	reading
one of my favorite psychological tricks comes from a novella by comedian steve martin, shopgirl. it’s a guide to telling lies. there are three essential qualities to an effective lie, says the protagonist mirabelle at a party:
	
last week i asked you all how you keep your home in a livable, not-too-messy state, and you responded with all sorts of great tips, most of which i plan to implement myself.
	home
we asked you what local spots people should go to in your city instead of chain restaurants, and you delivered. we’ve complied suggestions for major metro areas so tourists stop going to awful chains and instead give their money to local places you love.	restaurants
if you live in a city that attracts a steady stream of tourists, you already know (and side-eye) the chain restaurants that they tend to gravitate towards, even when there are perfectly delicious local options they could eat at instead—for instance, out-of-towners in new york flocking to the  times square olive garden for their italian food fix, rather than an equally family-friendly and delicious option like parm. so, what local spots should visitors to your city eat at instead of the chain options?
	food restaurants
street food is one of the best ways to experience a country’s culture. while these makeshift stalls might look risky, street food is often just as safe—if not safer—than restaurants. ask any experienced adventurer. still, there are a few basic rules you should know to avoid any problems.
	food street_food adventure
food is one of the top expenses during travel, and one of the main areas you can cut costs.  sometimes it is worth it to spend a couple extra bucks on a memorable meal, but not every meal falls into that category.  here are five ways to save on food expenses during your trip.	food travel
gunnar garfors, the author of 198: how i ran out of countries, has been to every country in the world. he knows a thing or two about international travel, and has a few tips to share in regards to keeping safe.
	travel international_travel
thanks to fancy new upgrades like neural network learning, translation apps like google translate and microsoft translator are better than ever. they can translate almost anything you want. but you shouldn’t lean on them when you travel. in fact, i think you should use them as little as possible—if at all.
	travel translation translation_apps google_translate microsoft_translator
whenever i visit the airport or hunker down for a road trip, i tend to give myself a little more leeway when it comes to buying food. actually, a lot more leeway. that means a burger there, a slice of pizza here, waffles and coffee galore. but a few things have cooled down my enthusiasm for &quot;treating myself&quot; with food when i travel—mainly overpriced meals and a general lack of healthy, satisfying options.	travel food
hi everyone! i&#39;m jodi ettenberg, formerly a lawyer and now a food and travel writer at legal nomads. i worked as a corporate lawyer for 5 years in new york before quitting my job in 2008 to travel the world. i thought i&#39;d be gone for one year, but i realized somewhere between mongolia and china that what i really wanted to do was write about the history of food and why it matters. i recently i wrote a book called food traveler&#39;s handbook, about how to find cheap, safe, and delicious food anywhere in the world. the book—and the aim in writing about food—is not only to encourage people to eat street food but also to use food as a lens through which they can learn about a new place and its people. have questions for me? i&#39;m here for the next hour-ask away! 	travel food
you probably know to ask locals for food recommendations when you travel, but you want to make sure you ask the right locals. 	travel food
 
ios/android: no one likes standing around to wait for a table. you’re hungry and bored, and if you head to a different place, there may be an even longer wait. this free app alleviates some of that frustration by telling you the wait times of nearby eateries.	time
i love books. i can’t leave a bookstore without at least one. but i also have a tendency to buy books and not actually read them. somewhere along the way reading fell by the wayside in favor of other forms of entertainment. to get back on track, i made some simple changes that have helped me with my reading habits thus far—no speed reading necessary.
	reading books
my girlfriend says i have a thing for books. i probably spend more money on books than any other expense, aside from food. walking into a bookstore with a good selection makes me want to rent a truck and haul their entire stock away to pile in my house so that i can read every single one of them.	books
i love the physical nature of having books up there on the bookshelves, waiting to be looked at, admired, and remembered. i used to really enjoyed the library and i still do. but when i look at my shelves i realize that i own so many books that i haven’t read.	books
windows: intel  made it a lot easier to overclock your cpu—pushing it past its default clock speeds to make it even faster, at the risk of potentially frying your chip. there’s just one big caveat: you’re going to need one of six supported 9th-generation cpus (all in the coffee lake family) in order to enjoy its new, simple overclocking utility. you’re also going to need 16gb of free space on one of your drives, but i doubt that will be an issue for most system-builders looking to overclock their systems.	overclocking intel cpu windows
i was thrilled to read about the launch of cinebench r20 last week. that’s one of the geekier things i’ve ever said, but it’s still true. this free benchmarking app is great for putting your pc through its paces, if you’ve been curious about how fast it runs (and how well it might stack up against other systems).	benchmarking app cinebench
nvidia’s new geforce rtx 20-series graphics cards are the talk of geektown lately. and while we have yet to really see how they perform in real-world benchmarks—at least, beyond those provided by nvidia itself—you can at least figure out whether it’s time to upgrade your own aging graphics card by testing its capabilities.	benchmarks graphics graphics_card
determining how much power a computer has is a lot more complicated than it used to be. nowadays benchmark tests are used to determine the power of your machines and here are the differences between the three most common types of tests out there.	mac
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;m building a new gaming pc using your guide, but i have one question: is running two graphics cards worth it? some people tell me i can get more bang for my buck with two midrange cards, but others say i should get one high-end card instead. which is true? 	gaming graphics_cards
dyndns, the awesome service that lets you access your home computers from anywhere, recently announced that it&#39;s getting rid of its free accounts. the most basic account now costs $25 per year.	dyndns free
when you&#39;re building or buying a computer, the monitor isn&#39;t always high on the list of priorities. but monitors differ just like other hardware, and after all—they&#39;re the thing you&#39;re going to stare at all day, so it deserves a little thought. here&#39;s how to pick the right one.	how_to monitors hardware
it wasn’t that long ago when harambe, a gorilla, was shot and killed after a three-year-old boy fell into his enclosure at the cincinnati zoo—giving rise to a particularly dark meme in recent history. it’s incidents like these, and problems of overcrowding, that have called into question the general treatment and welfare of zoo animals everywhere.	animals animal zoo welfare
maybe you live in a house that outlaws animals, maybe you have a partner with allergies; that doesn’t mean cats and dogs can’t be a part of your everyday life. volunteering at an animal shelter is the perfect hack for the pet-starved.	cats volunteer
it’s so hard when your close friends can’t hang out at your house because your best friend, the cat, lives there. if you do decide to have allergic buds over, there are a few ways you can help mitigate their potential allergic reactions a bit.	
i love my vacuum cleaner, but i have no idea what to do with some of those attachments. (i call the long tube extension “the spider catcher.”) luckily, real simple has this graphic of pretty much every vacuum attachment that exists, from basic to super specific.	vacuum_cleaner attachments
when you have pets, you have to be careful with furniture. your sofa or armchair can easily turn into a giant scratching post, chew toy, or hair magnet. and the upholstery fabric you choose can make a big difference.
	pets furniture
cleaning pet hair off any surface is always a chore, but fabrics are very much the worst. tempting as it may be, giving up and tossing a hair-coated blanket in with the rest of the wash will only transfer that hair to the rest of the load—and send the rest straight down your pipes. there’s a better way: just throw super-hairy fabrics into the dryer before washing them. 	cleaning pet_hair
you love your pets, but you don’t want their hair all over the place. their shedding gets out of control, covering your furniture, clothes, and, okay, pretty much your entire home. how do you keep it under control?
	pets
we covered how you can speed up laundry drying times by adding tennis balls but you can create the same effect without the loud noises by turning a skein of wool yarn into three felted wool balls.	laundry yarn wool
zealous cleaners, beware: there is an area in your kitchen where filth has accumulated, and you can’t even see it.	
your floor is dirty. your trashcan is overflowing. you need to change a light bulb and do the laundry. you’re always busy, and bullshit household errands fall through the cracks. here’s an idea: get drunk.
	household drunk
people who calmly and happily do chores when they need to be done, you can stop reading now. everyone else: ugh, i know, right?	chores
my office is a mess. so are many areas of my house, to be honest. i don’t like cleaning, so i tend not to bother with cleaning books. even if they motivate me to clean, everything gets dirty again and, well, what’s the point? but then i met unfuck your habitat.
	books cleaning
there’s an endless number of cleaning products out there, but you don’t need to spend a fortune to keep a home looking nice. these are the only essentials you need.	cleaning home
cleaning the house is a necessary chore, but let&#39;s face it—some of us might not mind it, but no one really loves it. still, like many chores, it&#39;s usually bigger in our head than it is when we set in to do it. here are some ways you can streamline the process, make sure you have the tools on-hand when you need them, and never wonder what you should do next. 	cleaning chores
japanese organizing consultant marie kondo set off a decluttering craze across the world with her pocket-sized book, the life-changing magic of tidying up. after reading the book, it’s easy to see why. this book can transform the way you see your possessions.	decluttering clutter
clutter can really influence the way you work. if you&#39;re too disorganized, everything competes for your attention and makes it hard to work, not to mention influence perceptions of your professionalism. here are 10 tips for decluttering your workspace and getting organized.	work workspace
over time, your desk and desk drawers have probably become cluttered with all sorts of junk, making it impossible to find anything you need. weblog unclutterer shows us how to figure out which items you actually need there by starting from scratch.	clutter desk
if you&#39;ve got stuff on your desk that should be in your inbox and crap in your inbox that should be in the trash, fear not: you&#39;re certainly not the only person dealing with clutter. here&#39;s how to get it under control.	clutter desk
you dread filing. you don&#39;t even own a file cabinet. you&#39;re allergic to labeling. whatever the reason, maintaining a meticulously organized file system has eluded you. throw it all in a box. photo by jonbro.	filing
an office full of equipment and supplies would seem to be the natural order of things, but it&#39;s all too easy for a functional workspace to become a cluttered one as the junk piles up. re-evaluate to free up space.	clutter office workspace
it&#39;s easy to know where to put cups, socks, and books you find around the house—not so much with all the stuff that you only occasionally touch and don&#39;t have a real home for. to cut down on these hard-to-get-rid-of clutter culprits, the zen habits blog suggests creating a &quot;maybe&quot; box, stashing non-dire items in there, and ...	clutter
  cablox is a small rubber pad that lets you organize all your workspace&#39;s cables and keep them out of sight. 	cables workspace
 maybe you&#39;ve got a few boxes lying around, or maybe the camera crew from hoarders is knocking at your door as you read this. either way, clutter is bad for the mind and bad for your wallet. but there&#39;s good news: you can get rid of it without driving yourself crazy. here&#39;s how. 	clutter boxes
your increasingly digital lifestyle has left your analog media collecting dust. save it from obsolescence and digitize your life.	digital_life
it&#39;s frustrating to not be able to get your dvds onto your portable devices or media server. last week we looked at the best tools for ripping your dvd collection and we&#39;re back to announce the winner.	ripping dvd dvds media
you pay good money for your dvds, but they&#39;re hardly the only format you need these days. these five ripping tools ensure you can back them up, keep them on your media server, and load them on your favorite portable player.	ripping dvd dvds media
physical formats are so constraining—good luck trying to shove your dvd into your ipod, zune, or other mobile device, let alone back up that disc to save your kids from deep sixing little nemo.	dvd
what&#39;s a new year&#39;s resolution but a goal you happen to have made at the start of another year? today we&#39;ve rounded up the top five tools lifehacker readers use to track their goals and resolutions.	goals resolutions top
it&#39;s that resolution-time-of-year again. we want to hear about your favorite tool for tracking and measuring your goals.	goals tracking
by gina trapani	
by adam pash	
with everything from our cellphones to laptops to keychain trinkets coming sporting video cameras these days, more and more people are capturing and sharing digital video. the following video sites make sharing your video missives easy.	video top
a decade ago sharing high-resolution video over the internet was unheard of. now we swap video with astounding speed and ever higher quality, thanks to several popular web sites.	video
youtube took home a majority vote in last week&#39;s hive five. it should come as no surprise given the enormous audience it draws and the hundreds of thousands of people who upload video to the site.	video hive_five
a cluttered home gives you less space to work, play, and relax, but getting rid of it is often easier said than done. sometimes the trick to finally parting ways with your clutter is letting go of the “what ifs.”	clutter home
international travel is a beautiful way to experience a new culture. but while i’m almost entirely all for immersing yourself in what’s local and pushing beyond your boundaries, i make an exception for coffee. blame jet lag or the disorientation of un-caffeinated mornings in a foreign country, but when i’m abroad and in need of a jolt, i just want something close to familiar. 	coffee travel
coffee isn&#39;t just warm and energizing, it may also be extremely good for you. in recent years, scientists have studied the effects of coffee on various aspects of health and their results have been nothing short of amazing. 	coffee health
every week on hack your city, when i ask lifehacker readers for travel tips, i try to throw in some local color. so i check wikivoyage, the travel wiki that’s even more like a real-life hitchhiker’s guide to the galaxy than wikipedia is.
	travel wikivoyage wiki
good outdoor dining isn’t just a couple of wobbly chairs on a sidewalk. you gotta dress up the place a little bit; you gotta serve food that belongs outdoors. give your diners some distance from the traffic, or else have a very good reason to stick them right out on a busy sidewalk. so tell us in the comments: what’s the best place to eat outside in your city?
	dining food outdoors tell_us
there are libraries where you can borrow puppets, instruments, telescopes, framed art, a necktie for a job interview, or even seeds to plant. libraries host talks, concerts, story time, workshops, and classes; they distribute books, magazines, newspapers, dvds, even video games. they might host a passport application office or other government services. they might give you free entrance to museums, or access to digital film libraries like kanopy or hoopla. but each library system’s offerings are different. what’s the most special thing you can get or do at your local library?
	library libraries books government
you probably know that your local library offers not just books, but also dvds, cds, magazines, streaming movies, and ebooks. but it might also offer some more surprising physical items.	library
you can borrow all kinds of media at your local public library, from audiobooks, to albums, to films on physical discs. but some libraries, like the los angeles public library, offer streaming films through kanopy, a video streaming service specializing in independent films, documentaries, and classic cinema. and now, kanopy is expanding its offerings  into the new york public library and brooklyn public library systems, as well.	library
your local library has all kinds of perks, but one i continually forget about is its collection of digital audiobooks. considering how much audiobooks usually cost, this is a great little benefit.	audiobooks library
the raspberry pi has long been the hobbyist choice for diy electronics projects. the raspberry pi zero, which is about the size of a stick of gum, and just five bucks has it’s own special use cases though. here are ten of our favorite projects that make use of its size.
	diy electronics raspberry_pi raspberry_pi_zero
the pi zero is awesome because it’s so small, but it still requires all kinds of cables and chargers. over on node, they show off how to build the pi zero into a usb hub and power supply for an all-in-one computer.	
chrome: amazon may be convenient, but nothing beats free. so, when you’re shopping for books on the site, library extension will find those same books at your local library. you can even drive to pick them up faster than amazon can ship them.	chrome library books
everyone knows you can check out books at the library and most people know you can even check out music and dvds, but if you&#39;re looking to save money you can dig deeper use the library to down on fees and expenses. whoops! sorry for the duplicate post everyone!	library money
it turns out that you can check out more than books and dvds at your local library: many libraries also have programs for you to &quot;check out&quot; passes to zoos, museums, theater productions, and civic events for free or at a discount.	library libraries events free
you’ve seen the boxes around your neighborhood. many look like one-room schoolhouses. others look like mini replicas of their owners’ homes. since 2010, book lovers have set up more than 60,000 little free libraries in 80-plus countries across the world, designed simply to be free exchanges that, according to margret aldrich, a media and programming representative with lfl, “inspire a love of reading, build community, and spark creativity.”	community reading
the earlier kids realize they can get involved with things and have the power to make a difference the better. these books, all for young people, highlight activism and resistance in their stories.
	books activism kids
you’d think the library would want your used books! but outside of the occasional used-book sale, libraries usually only get their books from specific vendors. by dumping your used books on them, you’re actually creating work for volunteers and making things worse.
	library books used_books
 betterworldbooks isn&#39;t a new service by any means, but if you&#39;re doing a little decluttering for the new year, the service can help you donate old books and textbooks easily. they even send you a free shipping label to send them away to be resold on their site, where the proceeds go to schools, libraries, and literacy programs. 	decluttering books shipping free
if you&#39;re the type to keep a lot of books around, you know they end up often being more of a pain to find space for than they&#39;re worth. over at root simple, they offer up a simple triage method to help clean out the clutter from your bookshelf so you&#39;re left with books you actually want. 	clutter books
lately, twitter has been rolling out some extra notifications that you might have seen show up that you really don&#39;t care about like &quot;people are talking about this&quot; or &quot;three people you follow just followed this guy.&quot; if you&#39;d like to get rid of these, there&#39;s a setting for it, but it&#39;s buried.	twitter notifications
if you&#39;re anything like me, your phone buzzes all day long, alerting you to completely useless things like app updates, facebook likes, and chain emails from your grandma. here&#39;s how to keep your phone from bugging you all day without turning your notifications off entirely—but still staying on top of what matters. 	notifications email top
ios 5&#39;s snazzy new notification center offers a great way to keep tabs on your phone&#39;s various beeps and buzzes, but ios 5 also packs a couple of interesting under-the-hood notification features you may not have known about: custom vibration notifications and led alerts. 	ios_5 notifications vibration led
android: if you&#39;d like to be able to tell who&#39;s emailing, texting, or calling you without even taking your phone out of your pocket, free app whoisit will let you assign specific ringtones and vibration patterns to each contact on your phone.	ringtones email android
android only: if you don&#39;t use gmail or google apps, the default email experience on android is, honestly, pretty cruddy, unless motorola or htc fixed up your email app. k-9 mail cleans up, optimizes, and just plain fixes android&#39;s default mail app.	email android
windows/mac/android/ios: what good is blocking distractions on your computer if you can pick up your phone and end up on facebook? freedom knows you’ll find loopholes and creates a synchronized block session across every device.
	distractions android windows ios
 what&#39;s your maximum nph? how many notifications are you exposed to every hour? let&#39;s take a second to think critically about these constant requests for your attention: what do they mean? who is making them? why are they there? before i wrote the information diet, i audited myself and found i was receiving upwards of 10 notifications per hour: one every six minutes. 	information_diet notifications
i have a bad habit of trying to meditate, getting distracted, and immediately giving up, just to try it again six months later. so this observation from redditor subduction really got me:	
believe it or not, you can improve your concentration and slow down your day-to-day life with meditation without ever uttering the word &quot;chakra.&quot; incense, yoga pants, and annoying dinner conversation are also optional. all you need is your breath.	meditation concentration
meditation does not require a large chunk of sustained time, nor is it too difficult to get into. psychologist mike brooks busts the misconception that it&#39;s about emptying your mind. instead, meditation is about focusing on one thing.	meditation focus mind
 before the constant distractions of facebook, email, desktop alerts, and vibrating smartphones, many of us enjoyed this thing called &quot;downtime,&quot; or time when we really didn&#39;t do anything at all. these days that kind of thinking may sound unproductive, but we&#39;ve mentioned several times how important taking breaks is to staying energized, creative, and productive when you need to be. so when&#39;s the last time you had downtime—that is, time where you did nothing at all but be in your own head? 	downtime nothing top
humans are not machines. this is stating the obvious, but the obvious hasn&#39;t seemed to sink in. we organize our work days as if we were machines, never turning off even when we get home. these work habits are erroneous, unhelpful, and unhealthy.	habits
boomerang, the email add-on that lets you control when to send email, is now a free full-featured email app on ios. we’ve included the android version in our android download pack for years, and the app started in 2010 as a gmail add-on, so this has been a long time coming. the ios version is in beta, according to a faq buried inside the app’s settings menu.	email boomerang
to get the most out of your notes, you need to do more than just review them. consolidating your notes on a weekly basis, and before exams, makes your studying more focused and active.	notes studying review
ios: if you’re like me, you’ve experienced the sting of an unwanted subscription draining money from your checking account, long after you forgot to cancel a free trial. if you’d like to finally get a handle on all your subscriptions without poring over your bank statements, take a look at bobby. it’s an ios app that lets you track multiple subscriptions to see how much money you’re shelling out each month. the only thing it requires is a little leg work to start (and a $1.99 in-app purchase for certain options).	ios subscriptions
mac: today flexibits, creators of lifehacker’s favorite calendar app fantastical, bring their command-line approach to contacts with cardhop ($19.99). this new contacts app is oriented around actions rather than your contacts database; you mainly use it by writing commands, kind of like talking to siri. it’s a potentially compelling interface—if you can remember to use it.	contacts cardhop
your mac comes packed with a perfectly fine calendar app, but it’s lacking advanced features, multiple ways to view your calendar, and external service integration. for all that and more, we like fantastical.
	mac
android: some apps grab you by surprise and leave you saying, “where has this been all my life?” drupe is one of those apps for me. with one swipe, you can choose which app you’d like to use to talk with a contact right now.	android
android: contacts+ is one of the most useful address books we&#39;ve seen. it combines photos with information from all your connected services: google and google+, facebook, twitter, linkedin, and more. one tap opens a contact card, another calls or emails a friend, and a few more catches you up with their digital lives.	android contacts address_books
as part of our 2018 update to lifehacker’s (sprawling) list of essential ios apps, i did a little digging to find third-party apps for managing your address book that were better than apple’s default contacts app.
	contacts ios apple
the social media network known as mastodon is sort of an anti-twitter: quiet, calm, and pretty much free of nazis. people have been flocking to it lately, only to get confused by the way it’s set up—which is a shame, because it’s not that hard to get started. here’s how.
	mastodon social_media twitter
if you’re still an active twitter user, and if you’ve been collecting followers for years until your timeline became an unreadable mess, you might fantasize about burning it all down. “it” meaning both the entire sinful world and your twitter feed. we can help with the second one. here are four ways to unfollow everyone on twitter and start from scratch—or free yourself now and forever, and live happily on instagram.
	twitter unfollow
if you’ve been on twitter for too long, or gone on binges where you follow too many people at once, you can end up with a crowded, even toxic twitter feed. in the twelve years i’ve spent on twitter, i’ve ended up following an unwieldy crowd of over 3,700 accounts. i can’t make a big dent just by manually unfollowing people in my feed, so i use manageflitter, a powerful tool to sort and act on my followers.
	twitter unfollow manageflitter
this week twitter announced it’s getting rid of its twitter for mac desktop client. the app was bad and had a rating of 1.7 out of 5 at its time of death, so it’s probably safe to say that it won’t be badly missed.
	twitter
“trending topics” are bullshit, says select all. these little modules on social media sites are swamps of banality and disinformation. this wednesday, youtube’s trending page included a conspiracy-theory video, which claims that the stoneman douglas high school students fighting for gun control are actually paid actors. (narrator voice: they’re not.)
	trending_topics youtube bullshit
twitter, a social media site that verifies nazis, is legally required to hide nazi content and symbols in germany and france. you can take advantage of this without moving to germany.	twitter nazis germany
twitter has been on a tear making tons of changes that its users never asked for. from today’s new “best of” module, to promoted tweets, and “while you were away,” it’s all cruft to someone who just wants a clean stream to read. here’s how to take your timeline back.	twitter
twitter may play second fiddle to facebook&#39;s social network prowess, but we still find it pretty useful. it still has its fair share of annoyances inherent in the system. here&#39;s how to avoid being repressed by annoyances.	annoyances twitter
the field of twitter clients for windows has been culled over the years, but there are still a few developers working hard on some killer apps. aeries has stuck out with us as an impressive twitter client capable of keeping up with professional needs with a universal windows app.	twitter twitter_client windows apps
in its april issue, a writer at the atlantic makes the argument that “retweets are trash.” whereas once if you wanted to repeat something someone else had said on the platform you would have had to create a whole new tweet and add a “rt” in front of it, the addition of the retweet button has made it so people will often share the thoughts of others without fully thinking through those statements. now there’s a new tool to actually make that happen called blindfold.
	
i spend a ton of time on twitter. at least once a day, most of the time more, a friend or someone i follow tweets  something i want to check out but don’t have time to right then.	twitter
chrome: if you’re looking to start fresh on twitter and just want your feed to be a blank slate, twitter unfollow purges your entire follow list with just one click. finally, some peace and quiet.	twitter chrome
twitter loves to ruin your timeline with all kinds of clutter. the worst kind is tweets from people you don’t follow, which twitter shows you only because people you do follow “liked” them. isn’t that what the retweet button is for? when twitter added this “feature,” it didn’t add a way to turn it off. thankfully, the blog how to do various techy things has found five ways to stop seeing other people’s likes in your timeline.
	twitter
the atlantic just made a great case for turning off retweets for everyone you follow on twitter, but they don’t tell you how. so we built a tool to do it.
	twitter retweets
social media is terrible, and social media is amazing. it inundates us with panic-inducing news and rage-inducing hot takes; it also keeps us connected to our friends, professional circles, and news from around the world. but if you try to drink straight from the fire hose, you’re going to drown—or get your head blasted pretty hard. the key is figuring out what social media is good for—for you—and then getting other things that you need from somewhere else.	social_media
twitter is in the process of rolling out 280-character tweets, which means that we’ll  be able to get twice as much information, per tweet, from the people we follow.
	twitter
twitter has always been defined by its brevity: the 140 character restriction was originally mandated by sms data limits. but twitter users have also always found ways around that limit, from threaded “tweetstorms” to tweets sharing larger chunks of text as a screenshot. now, the social network is finally giving into popular demand and doubling its character limit to 280 characters.
	twitter
when you’re sitting in a dark conference room or cozy in your bed about to go to sleep, cracking open your laptop to look at twitter can feel akin to looking directly into the sun. sometimes the white background is great, other times, something a little darker would be a welcome change.
	twitter
in most situations, youtube’s white background is just fine. however, when you’re sitting in a dark room watching videos, that white background can feel like you’re looking into the sun (which we all know is a no-no thanks to the upcoming eclipse). if you’re a frequent late-night youtube watcher, there’s actually a hidden dark mode you can turn on that transforms all that white into black, giving your eyes a much-needs rest and transforming your youtube experience into something a bit more cinema like.
	youtube
youtube, for its problems, is a great place learn something new. some channels are straightforward and instructional, but others use quirky and interesting people or approaches to teach you something new. let&#39;s make a list of great ones worth subscribing to.	youtube
reading your phone in bed is ruining your sleep schedule. but if, like me, you do it anyway, learn to do it without feeling like you’re staring into the sun (or annoying your sleeping partner) by enabling “dark mode” on every app that offers it.
	dark_mode
android nougat: for reasons mankind can’t yet fathom, google keeps teasing us with a sweet night mode in android betas, then yanking it at the last second. fortunately, it’s still buried in the latest version. this app brings it back.	android android_nougat nougat night_mode
google introduced a sweet hidden menu in android marshmallow called the system ui tuner. it packs a ton of neat little tweaks like hiding status bar icons or showing your battery percentage. here’s how to turn it on, and what you can do with it.	android android_marshmallow google
our brains are actually pretty great at filling in gaps, but that’s a bad thing when you’re scanning for spelling errors. if you want to focus more on each word, you need to put things in reverse.
	spelling
twitter just added a new feature that lets you add a seemingly infinite number of people to a conversation without affecting the 140 character limit. you can, essentially, @ everyone at once. it’s fine when it’s just a few people tweeting back and forth, but more annoying tweeters can take advantage of the feature and blow up your notifications.
	twitter notifications
you’ve probably tweeted something stupid at some point in your life. i certainly have, and while it’s great for the rest of us to leave those idiotic ideas out in the open, you might want to clean up your online presence, especially when you’re looking for a new job. keep or delete makes it easy to do so using a tinder-style swipe system.	
twitter is reportedly testing a feature on its android app that would automatically reformat large blocks of text into long self-reply threads, or tweetstorms. this would ruin twitter, which has already been ruined multiple times by new features.
	twitter tweetstorms
the impulse behind ecotourism is a good one, in theory—who wouldn’t want to visit a beautiful place, bask in the wonders of nature, and come back home with an enhanced appreciation for delicate ecosystems around the globe (and the dire risks they face from climate change)?	climate_change
learning a language for a trip is different from learning it on a large scale; duolingo is way too comprehensive, as is anything that tries to build up from fundamentals of grammar. you need a few phrases, like “please” and “thank you,” “what does this mean?” and “where is the bathroom?” but most of the time, i needed just one word to feel less like an ugly american. i needed to say i’m sorry. which is more complicated than it sounds.
	language
apologies should be pretty straightforward. you screwed up, you feel bad, you express your remorse. but we’re human, and humans are complicated. many times, we apologize for the wrong reasons.
	apologies apologize
anybody can spew out some half-assed apology to save face, but a real apology takes serious introspection, sincerity, and focuses on helping the victim heal. it’s not easy  to do, but this simple interactive tool can help if you’re struggling. “it’s good that you’re here,” the first screen reads when you load it up. it is good.
	
mansplaining has become one of the defining phenomena of the 21st century, and its pedantic tentacles touch everything from the last presidential campaign to online riffs about how women just can’t “get” rick and morty. while we’ve come a long way towards naming and shaming the mansplainers in our midst,  on the flip side of that exchange, catching yourself in the act (and taking a step back) can be a challenge for anyone who’s spent their whole life assuming that they always have something interesting and useful to say, despite all evidence to the contrary. 
	mansplaining
you’ve likely heard tales of people getting in trouble when they take selfies in polling stations, but is it really illegal to take a picture with your ballot? possibly, depending on where you live.	selfies
as a solo traveler, it’s challenging to capture my adventures: i want to include myself in the picture and i’m not about to use a comically long selfie stick. i also rarely feel comfortable handing my camera or phone to strangers. but that doesn’t mean i’m about to miss out on social media-worthy moments. instead, i re-imagined how i took selfies.
	selfies travel
you go to networking events to meet people, but how do you remember them after you head home after a few glasses of wine? remembering names can be difficult all on its own. when you meet a ton of people at the same time, that problem only gets worse. however, there are a few things you can do to help make sure you remember everyone you meet and all that small talk and handshaking doesn’t go to waste.
	networking work small_talk
years ago, i brought a new boyfriend to christmas dinner. “is this the same boy as last time?” my uncle asked. that was bad enough, but when i told him no, he followed up with, “every year, different boy.” merry christmas! if your family is anything like mine, they like to ask painfully awkward questions, and this can make the holidays stressful. here’s how to deal with it.	family holidays
trying to get a job can make you feel helpless. the best you can do is submit your resume to as many companies as possible, right? not exactly. in fact, doing your homework on a company beforehand can make you much more likely to get a job.	work
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love love advice
epic journeys call for top-notch footwear that can handle anything. you need a pair of shoes that are so comfy, protective, and versatile you won’t even think about them the entire trip. here’s what you need to know before you go.
	shoes
you’re on vacation, and you’ve got your camera out at a well-known tourist spot where everyone and their mother has snapped the same pic over and over. how do you make each click of the shutter count?
	
didn’t you think mark zuckerberg is tall? according to a 2010 new yorker profile, he’s “only around five feet eight, but he seems taller, because he stands with his chest out and his back straight, as if held up by a string.” wired writer graham starr thinks zuck seems tall for another reason: he stages his photos to exaggerate his height.
	height mark_zuckerberg
i’m five feet even, and married to a six footer. as a small person, i am all too familiar with having my face stuck in an armpit or squashed against a nipple while trying to get down. here’s what i’ve learned about being intimate when there’s a significant height difference.	height
usually when you’re taking a portrait photo of two people and one of them is significantly taller, you’d get something like an apple box for the shorter person to stand on. but what if there’s nothing on hand? to adjust the taller person’s height without hunching over, have them spread their feet apart.	
one of the best things about visiting art museums is being able to see work that touches and inspires you, and it makes sense that you might want to snap a photo. but, many museums have rules restricting photography, and the last thing you want to do is be kicked out or damage artwork for the sake of a photo. 	museums art art_museums photography
when i was 16, my french class was fortunate enough to visit france. we immediately went to the louvre upon arrival in paris, but i was so wiped out by jet lag, i sat down and fell asleep. the spot i had chosen, however, was actually an ancient work of art. here’s what would have happened had i broken it.
	art
this week, the metropolitan museum of art put 400,000 high-resolution images from their collection up for download. so, to give you a taste, we decided to show off a few of our favorite wallpaper-friendly ones for your desktop.	images
even if you plan your trip to avoid your destination’s busy season, there are just some sites that are so popular they’ll always have a crowd. take advantage of the natural thinning around lunchtime so at least you can see the sights with fewer people.	
you might roll your eyes when your in-laws want to visit the art gallery. you might also get anxious and start thinking of things to say so you don&#39;t look dumb. but art doesn&#39;t have to be a chore. here&#39;s how you can better consume art so you can have a shot at enjoying the experience.	art
tourist passes can save you money when you travel and want to visit local museums, but so can your membership to your local museum. check with your museum, or the museums you want to visit, to see if your local membership will get you in abroad for free.	travel museums money
you might find your museum experience more enjoyable if you actually spend less time inside, and spread it out over a few visits.	
when you want to get your digital photos printed for framing, gifting, or any other reason, what&#39;s the best service to use? that&#39;s the question the new york times put to the test.	photos
a good beauty writer isn’t beholden to a single brand, but selects the best products to create the best possible look. rather than giving a generic box set, buy your beautiful giftee a selection of expertly curated products from a tutorial, then take it a step further, wrapping these products in the tutorial itself.	beauty
everyone can benefit from priming and setting makeup to make sure it will last all day. you don’t have to, but whether you’re using a $7 foundation or $70 one, that product was an investment, and there’s no point if you’re not going to make sure it lasts as long as possible.	makeup
i appreciate what makeup can do, but my morning time isn’t unlimited. and i don’t feel like spending a ton of time and effort on cosmetics, anyway. still, i like the way my lashes look curled and my eyes look shadowed. here are some tips to get the most out of your makeup routine with the least amount of time, effort, and products.
	makeup cosmetics
the last thing i pack before a trip is my makeup bag. i’m always running behind, so i inevitably throw things in a bag in a panic and forget something i need, and take at least three things i don’t. summer is finally here and i have a couple trips planned, but there are always road trips and weekends away that come up last minute, so it’s good to have a bag on reserve ready to grab at a moment’s notice, or at least have the travel-friendly products hashed out so i know what to take in a rush.
	travel summer
last minute packing is a great way to forget something important. never forget anything in your toiletries bag by establishing a permanent one for easy packing.	packing
we know we probably shouldn’t eat foods once they’re a certain point past the suggested expiration date, but what about makeup? using expired products may not be the best habit, but whether it’s that bad for you really depends on the individual product.
	makeup
when you think of makeup, you think of lipstick—lipstick and blush, probably. lipstick is a cornerstone of everyone’s beauty routine and an essential to every beauty bag. it’s one of the few products that can finish a look, or be a look all on its own. with so many lip products available, finding the right product for you can be a challenge, but finding the perfect shade and formula is always, always worth the leg work. let me help!	beauty makeup lipstick
blush is one of those products that we grew up seeing on our mom’s vanity and in the handbag of every glamorous woman we looked up to, but when we have it in-hand, we’re “now what?” let’s talk about what it is, what it’s for, and how best to use it.
	blush
cosmetics are a lot of fun, but they can get pretty pricey. though i like to splurge on luxe products every now and again, i can’t stock my entire vanity with nars blushes and mason pearson hair brushes. luckily, refinery29 has compiled a list of ten dupes for popular, pricey products at much cheaper prices.
	dupes cosmetics blush
it’s hard to know where to start when looking for the right mascara. just a quick run through the drugstore and you’ll see more types of mascara than you could wear in an entire year, so how can one possibly know which one is right for you? i’m here to help, but first, let’s start with the basics.	mascara
you wouldn’t know it from looking at my face, but i buy and own a lot of makeup. i don’t really wear a ton of it; i just enjoy having it around. i also enjoy shopping online, eliminating the need to go out into the world and interact with other people. these two factors make me the target demographic for sephora’s virtural artist, and yet it did not inspire me to buy cosmetics.	makeup sephora cosmetics shopping
riding the subway every day has the potential to wear you down to a pebble if you don’t know how to manage the barrage of noise, smells, and fellow frustrated commuters elbowing you for a seat. and yet i’ve mastered it to the point that i don’t mind being crammed into a tin can every day of the week, next to someone clipping their nails as we go to work.
	commute subway
my fellow vegans, it is time we address something that is keeping droves of would-be converts from joining our ranks—and tempts even the most dedicated of us into illicit animal-based infidelity. no, it’s not, animal-based cheeses or america’s fetishistic love for bacon. it’s saying no to free stuff.
	vegan
every time i go on vacation, i’m surrounded by people taking phone pics. but i only recently realized that this vacation annoyance could be useful: before you book a hotel, campground, restaurant table, or museum tickets, look up the place on instagram. not the place’s official account, but all the photos taken at that location. (just run a search within instagram and click the result with the map pin icon.)
	vacation instagram
i know, you’re busy and you have work to do, but you also need to take some time off to recharge those batteries. so, should you plan one big vacation for the year? or should you sparse out your days for multiple vacations throughout? quantity can sometimes beat quality.	vacation work
sometimes a quick vacation is better than nothing, but if you can swing it, try for at least eight days. research suggests you need at least that much time to truly unwind and feel refreshed.
	vacation
super hurricane irma is causing tons of cruise and flight cancellations in addition to delays and course changes. but your travel insurance should cover all that, right? maybe. maybe not.
	travel cruise hurricane_irma travel_insurance
dear lifehacker,

hurricane sandy was rough on me. now that my power is back on and i&#39;m getting things back to normal, what can i do to help people who are still struggling? 	hurricane_sandy power
it’s national preparedness month, which means it’s time to make sure you’re ready for whatever life throws your way. emergency preparedness isn’t about doomsday prepping, though, it’s about being ready for the realistic events that can disrupt life at any time. here are some lesser-known things you should do as you establish you and your family’s emergency plan.	emergency emergency_preparedness family
there are a few people who fear the world as we know it is ending this year, and are spending boatloads of money in preparation for the event. whatever you think of these &quot;preppers,&quot; it&#39;s not a bad idea to prepare for emergencies (without going overboard). 	emergencies preparation
harvey has been an unprecedented storm—first as a hurricane and now lingering as a tropical storm—bringing epic loss and destruction to the texas coast. whether you’ve been affected or you’re looking to help those who have been, beware of these scams in the storm’s aftermath.
	
hurricane harvey has brought tremendous flooding and damage to the texas area. beyond those obviously large problems, there are other health factors people in harvey’s path will need to be aware of once they return to their homes and businesses. forbes wrote an excellent breakdown of someone of things harvey victims will need to look out for. here are few of them:
	health
 ios: hurricane season is heating up, and if you live in or plan to travel to an area prone to tropical storms, canecast is an iphone app that can help you stay informed, track active storms, and get notifications when a storm becomes a hurricane. 	notifications
major news events like hurricane harvey produce thousands of photos, and thousands more tweets and facebook posts of fake, outdated or out-of-context photos. this time the big winner is a photoshop of a shark on the freeway, which pops up during every major hurricane.
	news
when you see a video online that seems a bit too wild to be true, chances are it probably is. along with fake news stories, fake viral videos are all over facebook and youtube, a lot of them made by people who know what they’re doing, which makes it hard to determine whether or not they’re on the up and up. fake videos like this one of a bald eagle snatching a child, or this video of a friend accidentially causing another’s death can be alarming when you don’t realize they’re stunts.	fake_news videos
now more than ever it’s important to be able to tell when you’re reading #fakenews. however, determining whether something is fake or real isn’t always easy. think you know your stuff? give factitious a try.
	news
everyone is trying to crack down on fake news, but there’s still little understanding of why such preposterous information spreads so easily. one recent study may have revealed a very important piece of the puzzle, however: people trust their friends too much.	fake_news news friends
it’s easier than ever for someone to create a website and post completely made up stories that become international headlines. this makes it harder to tell truth from fiction or share news with others who may not be able to tell the difference either. luckily, fake news isn’t too difficult to spot. here’s how, and how to filter it out of your feeds.	news
chrome: facebook has a very real fake news problem. to help combat this, b.s. detector will show a little red warning when you’re about to click a link that comes from a questionable, “satirical” or fake news source.	chrome fake_news
it’s easy to hop online and find information on just about anything, but it’s also easy to find unreliable, downright wrong information, too. google images can help detect a fake news story written around an image.	fake_news news google_images
challenges are a fun way to help improve your skills in a particular area. if you want to get better at photography, or you just like taking pictures, petapixel has a fun 52-week photo challenge anyone can join.	photography challenges skills pictures
hurricane harvey continues to barrage texas, destroying homes and devastating lives. whether or not you’re a texan, you probably know someone who’s been affected, and the urge to reach out and offer support to your friends and acquaintances is strong. and you should! 	
doing your best to stay up with current events can often feel like drowning in a torrent of never ending bad news. with information coming at you in every direction, it’s easy to get burned out. compassion and solidarity are important, but being an informed citizen doesn’t mean you always have to go down with the ship.	news bad_news
even if the only connection you have to cannabis is through movies, you probably know what bongs, joints and bowls are. but stepping into a medical or recreational dispensary for the first time also means encountering a whole new language.
	cannabis
imagine a time when it wasn’t accepted that drunk driving made you more likely to get in an accident, when there wasn’t consensus about what constitutes drunk driving, nary a clue about how to measure your impairment, and no idea about whether anti-drunk driving laws were necessary or how they should work. all of this happened with alcohol, and it’s happening again with cannabis.
	
meditation is a simple exercise with all sorts of productivity and health benefits. if you’ve never done it before, this video does an excellent job of breaking down the basics.	meditation
so you’re about to hop on a plane, but you want to bring your legally acquired medical marijuana product with you on the flight. it’s a very sticky icky situation, but here’s what one expert recommends.
	marijuana
if you travel by airplane often, you know the hassle of waiting in lines. that’s why tsa precheck is a lifesaver. we’ve already reported on whether paying extra for global entry and tsa precheck is worth it, but it’s also important to note that not every airline accepts it.	tsa
no one wants to wait in an hour-long security line, but it’s always a possibility—now more than ever. one app designed to show you wait times may help save you from the crowds.	
if your tsa precheck is set to expire soon, renewing it might be a bit easier than you think. the tsa is now allowing fliers to renew their enrollment in the program online and up to six months before their current enrollment is set to expire. if everything goes according to plan, the renewal process should only take around five minutes.
	tsa_precheck tsa_pre
this year has been a big one for me when it comes to international travel, and so last december i decided to bite the bullet on getting a global entry account to use throughout the year. when i got approved for the service, however, i ran into one big snafu: the soonest appointment i could get for my in-person interview was eight months away, long after a few international trips i had planned.
	travel global_entry
last year i finally got tsa precheck (and global entry), a move that dramatically changed how i travel. in san francisco the security line at the airport could sometimes take longer than an hour, which meant i always had to get to the airport at least 2 hours early to make sure i made it through. and i’d have to plan my plane outfit to make sure i was wearing socks so i didn’t end up walking barefoot on the gross airport floor, and that i wasn’t wearing so many layers that it was problematic to get them off in the security line.
	tsa_pre airport
airport security lines have been especially nightmarish lately, and there are a handful of factors to blame: more people flying, new screening procedures, and the tsa is seriously understaffed. it’ll be tough to avoid longer than usual wait times at airports this summer, but a little planning will help you to at least navigate security as fast as possible.	flying tsa summer security airport_security airports
on tuesday, the tsa announced a pilot program using new biometric technology to replace boarding passes and ids with quick fingerprint scans.
	tsa
if it seems like it’s taking longer to get through airport security lately, you’re not imagining things. according to the new york times, tsa wait times have indeed gotten much longer in airports around the u.s., and we might as well get used to it for the rest of the year.	tsa airport airports airport_security
if you travel internationally frequently (or even just once every few years), then global entry can be your best friend. however, if you’re an infrequent international traveler then the mobile passport app can be exactly what the doctor (or border control in this case) ordered.
	travel passport
we&#39;ve previously covered how tsa precheck can get you through airport security faster.  global entry is a similar program that allows you to skip the customs line when traveling internationally, and has a 75% chance you&#39;ll qualify for tsa precheck when you fly domestically (assuming the airport you fly through participates in the precheck program).	airport_security travel tsa global_entry
global entry cuts down on the time you spend going through airport security, but if you lose your card there’s no need to worry. you can still access global entry without it, you’ll just need your other travel documents to prove your identity.	airport airport_security global_entry travel
tsa precheck, specifically global entry with tsa precheck, is consistently one of the best investments i’ve ever made. even with the increasingly longer precheck lines, i’m always thankful for being in a line of people who (mostly) understand how the airport security procedures work, and not having to take my shoes off or remove my electronics from my bag.
	tsa_pre
if there is someone who knows how to make a plane ride more comfortable, it’s the pilot. that plane is their office, and they know all its secrets. here are some tips from a professional flier on how to make the skies a little more friendly—for you.	pilot
sexting, much like sex, is more of a learned skill than an intuitive talent. you may find yourself throwing sexual word spaghetti at the wall to see what sticks, to mixed results. if you want to spread your sexting wings in a safe space, why not text a bot?	sexting sex
when my younger sister was in college, she needed help with the down payment for a new car. i wrote her a check—coincidentally, her birthday was just around the corner—and sent it in a card, with the understanding that when she was solvent, she’d pay me back.	
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
feeding bread to birds is a pastime as old as extra bread. but while birds are happy to scoop up your stale offerings, there are a lot of reasons why this is a bad idea. 	birds feeding
seeing wildlife up close is one of the most thrilling parts of exploring the outdoors, and you may be tempted to feed the animals to tempt them to come closer. here’s why you should never feed them, no matter how much you want to.
	outdoors animals wildlife
losing a pet or coming across a dead bird or other animal in the yard isn&#39;t something we like to think about. knowing how to properly dispose of a dead animal and taking care of it right away is important, however, for your health and the well-being of everyone else. here are some basic guidelines. 	how_to
ever wondered how horses go from being wild, free-spirited animals to people’s most faithful travel companion? grab your lasso, put on your cowboy hat, and get ready to become a horse whisperer. i mean, you’ll probably never need to tame your own horse, but if you did, this is how the masters do it.
	horses animals
davy crockett is an american folk hero of mythic proportions, and was greatly popularized during the 50s and 60s thanks to disney’s tv miniseries and major motion pictures. but crockett was a very real person in history, and he had a lot of wisdom to share.
	history
there’s nothing that conjures up 50s style more than greased up, slicked back hair. if you want to look like you’re ready to rumble—or maybe kick off a musical number—here’s what you do fellas.
	50s hair
our brains are pretty easily distracted, especially with all the emails, texts, and other data flying at us constantly. the good news, harvard business review says, is we can train our brain to be more focused and productive—by improving our emotional balance. 	focus brain
ever go through a phase where you feel like every day is a monday? you wake up, you hit snooze. then you hit snooze again and you just don&#39;t feel it? yes, i know that negative emotions can eat away at my productivity, creativity, decision-making skills. and yet, i have to admit that sometimes it&#39;s really difficult to reverse the course of a slump. 	
eating is one of the most common activities we multitask. there’s a case to be made for multitasking, but if it’s your goal to be a little more mindful, you can practice focusing on the task at hand while you eat. make your mealtime distraction-free and just, well, eat.	
taking the time to focus on the food you&#39;re eating is harder than it sounds. we&#39;re surrounded by distraction and end up eating at our desks, in front of our tvs, or while catching up with things on our phones. but this can reduce the taste of your food and leave you making poor eating choices.	food eating
according to a new study, how hungry you are may be less influenced by how much you ate earlier but rather by how much you remember eating. to keep yourself from eating too often and too much, consider the practice of mindful eating—paying more attention while eating. 	eating
losing weight for healthy living is difficult, but that&#39;s not new. what&#39;s interesting is the role our brain plays in regulating our weight—any weight—and why that makes it so difficult to lose weight when we want to. neuroscientist sandra aamodt explains in this ted talk, and discusses how eating mindfully can help.	health
for some people, air travel is just another part of everyday life. but for others, it’s a major source of stress and anxiety. the good news is that most fears boil down to a lack of understanding, and in those situations knowledge really is power. if the thought of flying in a plane makes you anxious and break out in a cold sweat, these flying safety facts are your medicine to take before, during, and after your flight.	air_travel travel fear fears
thanks to heightened security, delays, cramped seats, limited bag storage, and a variety of other problems, few of us actually like to fly.  while you can’t overcome every problem, a few tips and strategies can make your flight a heck of a lot better.	
the editor at lifehacker australia spent the entire month of may traveling with &quot;hand luggage only,&quot; or what us folks from the states call a carry-on bag. he learned a lot about what it takes to manage laundry on the road.	travel laundry
the tsa collaborates with laptop bag manufacturers to create checkpoint-friendly bags that will allow you to save a few minutes and go through security without taking your notebook out and putting it in a separate bin.	security
you’re all set to leave for your well-deserved summer vacation when you realize you haven’t prepped your home at all. here’s a list of all the energy vampires you should disable (or adjust) before you head out.
	vacation home
if you’re not sure exactly where you want to go on your next vacation, or you know where but are flexible on when you go, this interactive map uses 10+ years of national oceanic and atmospheric administration (noaa) data to show you what the weather will be like. this first step in travel planning makes sure you’ll have good weather for your trip.
	travel vacation trip
modern travel offers so many options—if you have the time and money you can go almost anywhere on the planet.  picking your next spot for an adventure can be overwhelming, so here are five ways to zero in on your next destination.	travel
religious or cultural holidays may cause sights and other things to be closed when you travel.  this is especially common towards the end of the year, when many countries celebrate christmas, the start of the new year, or other holidays.  keep this in mind when choosing where to go for winter trips.	holidays travel
between the plane tickets, hotel rooms, and meals, visiting the places on your bucket list can get pretty expensive—even if you go deal hunting. if you want to save some money while satisfying your wanderlust, start with the deals and go from there.
	
i can never sit comfortably on a flight; i’ve struggled with lower back pain for years. after emerging from a long flight spent in a middle seat, i have been known to collapse on the floor of the airport like an infant that’s learning to walk.
	flight seat
long haul flights can be really tough on you if you don’t approach them the right way. to keep your cramped body from getting too stiff at 35,000 feet, this graphic has seven exercises you can do on the plane to loosen up.	
water is the best thing you can put in your body, yet so many of us ignore it throughout the day. here are some great ways to trick yourself into developing a healthy habit of drinking lots of water every day.	health water drinking body
heavy drinking can give you a hangover, sure, but part of the reason you feel so sluggish and worn out after a night of drinking is because you get such terrible sleep. it only takes a couple drinks to ruin your rest, but all isn’t lost. here’s how to turn a potentially restless night into something that’s at least a little recharging.
	sleep drinking
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;ve heard you need eight glasses of water every day, but i&#39;ve also heard that it might be more or less. some say too much water is bad, and many more say too little is bad. how can i know if i&#39;m getting the right amount if nobody really knows what that amount is? please help! 	water body
it&#39;s not something you might think about often, but your pee can tell you a lot about your body. this graphic from cleveland clinic shows what different urine hues might say about your health.	health
sure, it sounds like the flimsiest of fad diet ideas, but a few studies have shown that taking your time with some water before eating any meal can stave off overeating—especially if you&#39;re over 35.	water diet eating
tip-top and cheerio to london, the city named after its famous bridge! it’s well-known that all english people are from london, that everyone in the city is rich and friends with the queen, and that they all set their watch by big ben while riding double-decker buses and holding onto their derbies.
	london
when 30 rock called toronto “new york without all the stuff,” it was ... funny, honestly. but toronto has stuff! you just have to scrape the ice off it. we asked lifehacker readers for their best toronto tips, and they gave dozens of great answers. here are the highlights.
	toronto
toronto was the first big city i ever visited. compared to my home city of rochester, toronto was basically tokyo. i loved the push of the crowd, the diversity of the shops. i crossed streets for fun, just to feel swept along. i bought army surplus coats that didn’t fit, just to feel like part of the thrift-shop scene that resembled nothing i’d seen at home. this diverse city of 2.7 million, the biggest in canada, still maintains a bit of a small-town camaraderie, sandwiched between the equally sized chicago and the frankly too massive new york.
	
this week on hack your city, we’re covering the lush southern supercity of houston, texas. like the singers of “save a horse ride a cowboy,” houston is big and rich. the fourth-biggest city in the u.s. is still growing, catching up on chicago. and it’s physically massive; it’s got feeder highways for its feeder highways. it’s also the most ethnically diverse metropolitan area in the nation, and home to top-class night life, restaurants, sports teams, parks, and museums (i’m partial to the scribbly murals in the cy twombly gallery).
	hack_your_city houston texas
las vegas might be the most-hacked city in the country. if you google for tourist tips, you’ll get handed a free well whisky and twenty bucks for the slots by the time you click “i’m feeling lucky.” well now the internet has one more guide to a town nicknamed after the concept of sin. this week on hack your city, we asked for vegas hacks from lifehacker readers. here are the greatest hits.
	las_vegas hack_your_city
this week on hack your city, we want your tips for visiting, or living in, las vegas. this series always gets more tips for tourists than for locals, and vegas will epitomize that. but we’re also fascinated with the million-plus people who live full time in and around the city that most of us visit to let use, who use it as much more than an adult playground. though the city is, in many ways, still reeling from the tragic shooting at a concert last month (you can find ways to donate to victims and their families here), many residents are also eager to get back towards something resembling business as usual, and we’re interested in highlighting the best of what the city has to offer.	hack_your_city las_vegas
tip: there are actually lots of roads that don’t lead to rome. if you are headed to rome, please do not just start walking down lombard street and expect to end up at your destination. it is a myth.	rome
it’s perfectly natural to play it close to the vest at work, especially if you’re the new guy in the office. but office camaraderie depends on more than showing up on time or coming through on a group project. it also involves participating in work-related social events, often including the occasional after-work drinks with your colleagues. if you’re an introvert, fastcompany has a few guidelines on when you should (or shouldn’t) attend your office’s happy hour event. 	happy_hour
we&#39;ve featured some treadmill-based desks before, but they&#39;re generally pretty intense diy affairs. macworld walks us through an author&#39;s beginning journey into the world of treadputers, treadmill desks, or whatever you call the intriguing world of passive fitness.	desks treadmill desk fitness
building a treadmill desk can be as simple as putting a treadmill under a desk on blocks, but building a good one requires a little effort. instructables user cessenburg wanted a good one, but didn&#39;t want to put too much time and energy into it. here&#39;s what he did.	
love the idea of a treadputer and happen to own the well-loved, easy-to-craigslist ikea jerker? turns out it makes for a really nice treadmill desk.	treadmill
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice love
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice love
bullies are notoriously hard to deal with because they don’t act rationally or with respect. however, in a workplace setting you can still take charge of the situation by asking them to explain what their issue is.	bullies work workplace
dear lifehacker,
i&#39;m having trouble getting my landlord to return my security deposit. i&#39;ve been told i should take the issue to small claims court, but, i have no idea what small claims court does or when it&#39;s worth it to use it. how big does my dispute have to be to justify the cost? what disputes can i even take in?	court
one thing becomes apparent after the honeymoon of a newly-launched career is over: your employer—whether it’s a scrappy startup or a massive multi-million dollar company—is not your friend. you are a resource. that means the only one you can trust, really, is you. here&#39;s how to keep a cool head and stay in control of your career.	
it’s altogether possible that among some of the workers, friends, and people with otherwise undefined relationships that make up its 5 million daily users, the chat software slack has delivered on its stated purpose of “making work simpler, more pleasant, and more productive.” in my personal experience it has sometimes accomplished one or another of these goals, though rarely at the same time.
	slack work
a few weeks ago i ended up going camping in rural idaho for a few days. purely by accident, the trip ended up being the first time i’ve truly disconnected for any significant period of time from the internet in probably 10 years. 	
the day before you head off on vacation is usually packed with last minute tasks and wrapping up projects so you can relax while you’re gone. wrangling your inbox is the last thing you want to do, so set your out of office message to kick in the day before you leave so you can power through those last minute tasks.	vacation
just the idea of planning a vacation can be stressful. aside from booking travel, all the preparations you need to make actually leave work behind can feel overwhelming. but if you simply think strategically about what you need to do, you can forgo the stress and finally catch a break from work.	work
the whole point of a vacation is to relax and relieve stress, but all too often, you need a vacation after your vacation to recover from your time off. here are ten tips to make your vacation the stress-buster it really should be.	stress
working with headphones on usually means you’d rather not be bothered, but sometimes it means you’re just listening to something while you work. if you want to be available despite your cans being on, why not build your own alert button?
	
you can’t exactly blast your favorite tunes when you’re  supposed to be listening intently to the baby monitor. this custom build from popular diyer ben heck will let you listen to your music until your little one starts to make noise.	diy baby
if you’ve ever tried headphones or apple earpods with your xbox one only to be rewarded with an odd buzzing, don’t worry—neither your controller or your headphones are broken. the issue here is how normal headphone jacks are built, and how apple (and some others) build their plugs. it’s easy to fix.	xbox_one headphones apple
kids and electronics usually don’t mix. i have more than one broken headphone jack and a missing ipod thanks to my siblings. with my family visiting this week, my younger sister will be looking for something controller-shaped to play with and promptly demolish. so i’m prepping my living room’s game controllers for the reckoning with some sugru, the silicone and rubber adhesive putty that lets you customize basically everything you own. 	sugru
some materials were just made for diy miracles. binder clips are one example. another is sugru, the moldable silicone that can fix or improve just about anything. here are 10 awesome ways you can put it sugru to work in your projects.	diy sugru clips
we dig the versatility and strength of sugru, a friend to diy-ers that is, unfortunately, shipped mainly from the uk. want to make your own? corn starch, silicone caulk, coloring paints, and a few other materials can yield &quot;oogoo.&quot;	diy sugru
we’ve shown you some awesome smartphone mounts you can buy, but if you’d rather diy, you can have a strong, sturdy car mount for your phone with a few magnets and our old friend sugru. best of all, you can choose where your phone goes—you don’t have to lose a vent or block something else just to mount it.	diy sugru car smartphone_mounts magnets
looking for like-minded people to discuss programming, gaming, writing, or any other interest? hamster pad will help you find a slack community to join.	slack
ahh, an empty calendar. all that free time and possibility, all the things you’re going to get done—until, that is, your coworkers see that free time and fill it jam-packed with meetings and obligations. before that happens again, you’ve got to get on the defensive.	work
we all struggle with time management, and we all want to know the best ways to conquer our schedules. in this video, dan ariely, a behavioral economics professor at duke university and friend of lifehacker, says the calendar definitely isn’t one of them.
	time_management video calendar
do you always install your air conditioner on a sweltering summer day, or rush to do your taxes in mid-april? for absolutely necessary tasks like these, a to-do list isn’t always enough. you need to block out time on your calendar, and treat these tasks like actual appointments. we’ve listed all the best to-do items to turn into calendar items.
	calendar
when you work as a standard employee, you fill out a w4. it basically tells your employer how much to set aside for taxes every time you get paid. when you’re a freelancer, this responsibility is on you. many freelancers don’t realize it, and it can lead to an ugly surprise in april.	taxes
it&#39;s getting chilly in the northern hemisphere because winter is coming. prepare your house, your car, and yourself this weekend so you&#39;re comfortable despite the cold. 	winter cold
you might have a hunch that your apartment will be all kinds of drafty this winter, but you&#39;re not in a position to start replacing insulation. a valuable ask metafilter thread offers many temporary heat fixes and diy draft fixes.	winter
what are some affordable, non-permanent ways we can winterize our apartment?	
reader jared uses google calendar to keep track of past events more than he does for future events. for example:	google_calendar calendar

	letting your schedule fill up with other people&#39;s priorities is the quickest way to get overwhelmed and burn out. start your scheduling by adding some things you want to do.	scheduling
one of the perks of becoming a grownup is you no longer have an imposed bed time. it still might not hurt to schedule one for yourself if you want to keep your sleep cycle steady, though.	time schedule sleep_cycle
look up #bulletjournal on the social media platform of your choice, and you can feast your eyes on a sea of neatly inked notebook pages designed to track everything from daily to-do lists to inspirational quotes. go ahead, roll your eyes. but bullet journals are an amazing productivity tool, if you can learn to adapt them to your life. no colored pens required.
	bullet_journal lists
we know you’re always paying 100% attention to every meeting you go to, but how does everyone else know when you’ve got your laptop open or are looking at your phone? scribble in a paper notebook, however, and you might look like the only one who’s paying attention.	
some of the most influential people in history kept detailed journals of their lives. those journals served two purposes: a permanent record for posterity, and cathartic release for the people writing them. even if you don&#39;t think you need either, keeping a journal has great benefits you can enjoy immediately. here&#39;s why you might want to sit down regularly to jot down your thoughts.	writing journal
sometimes a glowing screen can’t replace the feel and flexibility of old fashioned pen and paper. we’ve already talked about some of the best pens for the job, but when you need a good notebook to jot down those thoughts, drawings, or doodles in, you have tons to choose from. this week, we’re going to check out some the best paper notebooks money can buy, based on your nominations.	notebooks paper
workplaces are funny little ecosystems. you spend all your time working and developing complex relationships with everyone from the security guard to your shared desk mate, but occasionally, these fragile work friendships can go south.
	friendship work
if you’re a superstar employee, there’s a good chance you have a target on your back. a recent study suggests  coworkers want to drag down their top performing colleagues.	work coworkers
your office isn’t always conducive to distraction-free work, especially when you have noisy, obnoxious coworkers. here are a handful of tips that help you politely tell someone to stfu without it blowing up in your face.	work office
we don’t always get to collaborate with people who have mastered the nuances of communication in the workplace. you may not be able to change the behavior of others, but you can at least learn to effectively deal with them to minimize the impact and suffering on you, your confidence, and your work.	work
of all the things that can make you worry at work, some of the worst are the problems you create. this is especially true when negative things happen and you find yourself waiting for them to happen again. let me give you a couple of examples.	work
the world is filled with deranged people and you&#39;ve come across the good fortune of working for one of them. you may be in a bad situation, but that doesn&#39;t mean you can&#39;t cope. here&#39;s how to deal with your crazy boss.	crazy_boss boss work

	it&#39;s one thing to dislike your job, but it&#39;s another to feel physically ill walking in to work. if your job just doesn&#39;t have redeeming qualities, your work environment may be toxic in more ways than one. here&#39;s how to handle it, especially if you can&#39;t just quit.	work
 those of us who have had to deal with annoying or aggravating bosses know how it&#39;s tough to shake it off at the end of the day, but a new study explains why it&#39;s so hard, and why so many of us suck at it and wind up bringing our stress home—where it doesn&#39;t just hurt you: it hurts your family, your friends, and your other relationships. let&#39;s look at the study and talk about some ways you can learn to check your bad boss at the office door when you leave work. 	bosses relationships work office
podcasts are a great way to pass the time during your commute, or if you’re running errands or doing chores. if you’re looking to kick your career up a notch, you can make that time even more productive by listening to career-focused shows. here are podcasts for each career stage to help you get ahead.	career podcasts
whether you have your eye on the top of the ladder or are just focusing on the next rung, there are many ways you can grow your career. if you’re not sure what to do, here are four specific areas you can work on.	career work
you&#39;ve got meetings to attend. deadlines to meet. errands to run. it&#39;s hard to grow your career and expand your abilities in the midst of your daily grind, but if you don&#39;t take the initiative, no one&#39;s going to do it for you. whether you feel like your career development is lagging or you&#39;re chugging along nicely but want to give yourself that extra edge, here are a few steps you can take to make sure your career continues on the path to greatness. 	career
making any kind of career change is tough. and in some situations, it’s pretty near impossible—no matter how many inspirational quotes you memorize about following your passion. but there are still changes you can make without switching careers.	careers career
movie theaters are a nightmare. they’re expensive, they’re loud—but most importantly, i can’t start and stop the movie. at home, i rarely make it through a movie without pausing at least once for a snack refill and a bathroom break. that alone makes home rental better than the theater, moviepass or no. one thing would change my mind: intermissions at the theater.	movie_theaters intermission theaters
ever wish there were a netflix-style subscription service for brand new movies that just released in theaters? well, there is. it’s called moviepass, and now for just $10 a month you can see one movie a day in almost any theater.
	movies theaters
i haven’t seen la la land yet, but i want to. trouble is, the word of mouth, glowing reviews, and endless awards have placed it on a pedestal so high i feel the actual experience won’t be able to reach it. the hype is strong with this one. but maybe there’s a way to go in with a clean slate. maybe there’s a way to slay the hype monster before it can strike.
	la_la_land hype
it’s been a tough year for some of us, but its been a fantastic year for film. these incredible dramas, musicals, documentaries, and sci-fi thrillers will help you forget this year’s struggles  so you can look ahead. these are the best movies of 2016.	movies film
if you’re looking to cast a spell of entertainment over your household this halloween, look no further. save for a few components like candy and popcorn, these movies are all you need.
	movies entertainment halloween
2017 is now in full swing, and netflix is yet again bringing a ton of new original movies and tv shows alongside some decent stuff from other networks. that includes some real winners this month, like finding dory and the people v. o.j. simpson.
	netflix movies tv_shows
summer movie season has officially started. after you’re done watching trailers at home, you’ll want to find the best theater around to experience the films you want to see. here’s how two of the biggest theater chains (and two of your most obvious choices.) regal and amc, compare.	amc regal
we&#39;ve been rocking the oh-so-sexy cellphone pocket-bulge for close to two decades. you&#39;d think we&#39;d have figured out how to use the things without pissing everyone off by now. nope.	cell
  you don&#39;t need to be a food scientist to understand that the butter you drizzle over your movie theater popcorn is a health abomination, but you also don&#39;t need to check yelp to know it&#39;s delicious. the problem: how do you get that lifespan-shortening butter distributed throughout your corn? food site chicago gluttons has the answer. 	food popcorn
i like a wide variety of beers, but if you open up my fridge you’ll mostly find those cold activated cans of coors light. why? because it’s just fine. that’s right, i said it.
	beer
as if you needed another reason to grab a cold one, a new study suggests having a few beers relieves your pain better than popping some over the counter painkillers.
	beer
boxed wine has a bad rap. people look down on it because it doesn’t come in a fancy bottle, and assume the contents are nasty and cheap. while that may be true for some brands, a lot of boxed wine is just as good or better than the stuff you drink with a nice dinner. plus, it’s easy to transport, stays fresh longer, costs less, and is better for the environment.
	wine
we’ve mentioned before that certain beers go well with certain foods, but this chart shows you which beer flavors pair best with different types of food. you have more flexibility with these more general pairings because you’re not limited to matching specific beers with specific dishes, so you can reach for your favorite brew that matches up well.	beer food
in order to be classified as a “craft beer,” the brewer’s association requires the brewery making it to be small, independent, and traditional. that means that while some breweries owned by companies like anheuser-busch might call themselves “craft” they aren’t. if you don’t pay close attention, it can be hard to tell the “big” beer from the small guys when you’re at the grocery store. now there’s an app for that.	beer
i really like beer. no, i really like beer. that means i’m constantly on the hunt for beers i can’t get in my current hometown of san francisco and broker deals with buddies to mail me goods from across the country in exchange for sending them a few bottles of local stuff from the west coast.
	beer mail
if you’re meticulously pouring that bottled beer out into a glass slowly so you don’t get any head, you’re doing it wrong.
	beer
the sun is shining, there’s not a cloud in the sky, and every other aspect of the summer weather seems picture perfect. then how come there are so many flight delays?
	summer
a few years ago i decided to get certified as a cicerone, the beer version of a sommelier. during my studies for the title, i learned what constitutes a “beer clean” glass. it’s honestly something i’d never thought of before. a clean glass is a clean glass, right? wrong.
	beer beer_clean
though it’s tempting to ask for your beer to be poured into a frosty glass or mug to act like its own mini-freezer, don’t do it. this is definitely something that’s happening, because there’s a bar in my neighborhood that has a huge sign up that says “no frosty glasses” on it. while the idea of banning frozen glasses might seem like a stunt by a hipster bar, there’s actually a lot of good reasons to not drink your beer out of a frozen glass.	beer
you have so many beers to choose from, and so many types of glasses to serve them in. you don’t need to buy them all, but most beers are traditionally served in certain types of glasses to emphasize their taste. here’s a visual guide to the most popular ones.	beer
citrusy, herbal, nutty, bitter...great beers have many nuances of flavor and aroma. if you&#39;d like to improve your beer appreciation and discover your beer preferences, try these &quot;beer tasting workouts&quot; from food &amp; wine.	food beer
depending on how chilled or warm a drink is, its taste can vary. temperature can affect flavors and aromatics, and this infographic lays out the ideal serving temperatures for beer, tea, wine, coffee, and more.	wine coffee tea beer
beer, just like most other food and drink products has a shelf life, as well as proper and improper way to store it. where and how you choose to store your beer can make a huge difference in what it tastes like when you finally do crack that bottle or can open.
	beer
the first truly warm spring day of the year should be spent basking in the nearest sunny spot with an ice-cold beverage in hand. but if the ice that comes out of your freezer has a funky flavor, it can really dampen the mood. 	freezer
refrigerators can start smelling pretty funky after a few years of use. if you want to rid your fridge and freezer of lingering smells once and for all, this deep cleaning regimen will get the job done.	cleaning refrigerator freezer smells
we’ve shown you how to open a beer bottle with a knife, a spoon, a lighter, a stapler, a newspaper, a mac power brick, a countertop, a frisbee, and your arm. now a video on reddit shows you how to open a beer bottle with a beer bottle—or, if you’re clever, with just a bottle cap.
	beer
if you have the occasional beer (or mexican coca-cola) at work and don&#39;t have a bottle opener handy you can you your trusty stapler. instructables user ivan_stephens notes that the steel carrier on a standard desktop stapler has a notch that works well as a bottle opener. 	beer
we love strange methods of opening beer bottles. lifehacker has covered methods using mac power adapters, countertops, bic lighters, your forearm, another beer bottle and now we add to that list a humble newspaper. 	beer
 ever find yourself with your mac or ipad power adapter, a bottle of beer, and nothing to open the beer with? of course you have! graphic designer eva giselle discovered that her ipad adapter—and from the looks of it, basically any apple power adapter—makes for a great bottle opener. 	beer
 /:16 we&#39;ve featured numerous ways to open beer bottles without bottle openers, but for this method all you need is a ledge, gravity, and a steady hand.	
  if a twist-top beer is too tight to open with your bare hands and you don&#39;t want to use your shirt, you can twist the top off by placing the cap forcefully in the flesh of your forearm and pushing it in as you twist as shown in the video tip above from culinary site chow.com. 	beer
everyone wants to retire comfortably, but it’s not easy to tell how far away from it you realistically are. a monthly check of your “safe withdrawal rate” can tell you, as well as serve as a motivation boost, according to the simple dollar.
	
the longer you wait to open that bottle of wine the better, right? well, unless you actually bought some nice wine designed to be aged, not really. 
	wine
when some people go on vacation they bring back magnets or postcards. i bring back booze. for a long time i was just bringing back beer to give as gifts or share with friends, but that eventually evolved to spirits as well. when i went to scotland earlier this year my home whisky collection ended up getting a huge upgrade, and my suitcase was packed with chianti when i returned from italy.
	beer
it&#39;s never been easier to compare travel and accommodation prices using sites like hipmunk, kayak, or google flights, but a little extra legwork can save hundreds on airfare, hotels, and attractions. career traveler matt kepnes explains his best travel hacking tips just in time for your upcoming travels. 	travel hotels
if you’re looking to go on a craft beer pilgrimage, this interactive tool lets you explore the u.s. cities with the most breweries and highest rated brewskis.
	beer
i’m a bit of a nervous flyer, so i always get to the airport early to sip on some courage at the bar. it helps me keep calm and, well, it’s hard to pass up a good bloody mary. over the years, i’ve learned a few tips to ensure the airport bar is always a good experience.
	
traveling really takes it out of you—except when it comes to poop. that can stay with you for days, making your vacay a lot less enjoyable. here’s what causes that constipation frustration, and what you can do to keep that from happening.
	poop travel
dear lifehacker,
like most people, i&#39;ve pooped a lot in my lifetime.  usually things follow a fairly predictable pattern, but now and then i&#39;ve seen unusual colors and shapes.  i don&#39;t feel bad or have any discomfort, but i&#39;m concerned these changes might mean something.  how can i figure out when i should be concerned about the shape and color of my poop?	poop
i grew up in north carolina where we’re all very serious about college basketball. when you live within a few miles of both unc and duke, and in the general vicinity of wake forest let’s just say your march madness brackets aren’t just a fun thing you do with friends — you’re drawing potentially friendship-ending lines in sand.
	
the ncaa just released official march madness tournament brackets, and the only thing separating you from the perfect bracket is a little math-driven logic. it’s time to win that office pool.
	march_madness ncaa
facebook’s done it again: in addition to the hidden chess game buried in messenger, there’s a basketball game you can unlock also on your mobile phone.	facebook
the ncaa march madness tournament begins tonight. you’ve got your perfect bracket, your snacks, and you’re ready to cheer on your favorite team. here’s how to catch every one of this year’s 67 games at home or on the go, on the big screen or a small one.
	march_madness ncaa
working from home is an extremely sweet gig. i don’t have to wear real clothing, i alone control the thermostat, and my only physically present coworker is a geriatric spaniel. but a lack of human contact can make one a little weird, so i try to get out and be among the people at least once a day. most people accomplish this by heading to their nearest cafe; i prefer the bar.	
doing remote work doesn’t have to mean sitting at home in your pajamas—you could also see the world as a digital nomad! while it’s totally possible to plan your trips on your own, digital nomad services make it a lot easier. for a nominal fee, they book your accommodation, transportation, plan itineraries, and ensure you have a nice place to work with decent internet.	work
if you’re lucky enough to work from anywhere, you can take advantage of your freedom and work while you travel. our own stephanie lee just spent the last nine months as one of these “digital nomads,” with just a couple of suitcases and her laptop. here are some practical things to consider if you want to be one, too.	travel digital_nomad
the best thing about working from home is that you don’t have to actually stay at home. you can work from a cafe, a local bar, or even from the other side of the country.
	
from across the coffee shop, i noticed a gentleman walking in with a computer. not a laptop, mind you. with both hands, he carried a full-on desktop, monitor and console included. surely he’s not ... i thought to myself—but i was wrong. he plopped the machinery down on a table, plugged in, and ordered his coffee while the rest of us looked on in horror.
	
i like people, but i’ve always been kind of shy and i cherish my alone time. when i started working from home, i looked forward to that time: no more meetings, small talk, or awkward happy hours. it was fine for a while, but then i got lonely. worse, i developed mild social anxiety. even a trip to the grocery store seemed like an obstacle. i had to do something about it.	working_from_home work
last month, i took a nice, two-week vacation. i was excited, but even shortly into the trip, i was also dreading the awful feeling of coming back. it’s not the best attitude to have, but it’s easy to get anxious when vacations go by so fast. before you know it, you’re stuck in the same grind you were in before you left. this time, i wanted things to be different.	vacation
maybe you have to squeeze in some email during vacation. maybe you’re one of those much-envied digital nomads and work from anywhere you roam. whatever your scenario, if you have to work and travel at the same time, it can be a challenge to balance both. here’s how. 
	travel work vacation
when we&#39;re on vacation, many of us find it difficult to avoid all email.  we need to check email for flight delays and hotel confirmations, but that also exposes us to work emails that can ruin our mood.  set up a vacation-only email to stay in touch and avoid stress.	vacation email
the conveniences of working at home are also its curses. there’s no commute giving you time to settle your thoughts on the way in to work, no lunch with co-workers. to get some structure in your work-from-home life, you need to create your own routines.
	routines lunch commute work home
mindfulness is a powerful habit that can help you deal with big things, like sticking to your goals or defusing tension with your partner. it can also be useful on a daily level to improve your health, but only if you practice it. here’s one daily approach. 	mindfulness health
practicing mindfulness can mean many different things and has many different benefits, but it isn’t limited to your own improvement. you can also use mindfulness to defuse emotionally charged moments between you and your partner. here’s what we mean.	mindfulness

	mindfulness and meditation offer a host of benefits that we&#39;re still learning about via scientific studies. information is beautiful&#39;s infographic below reveals the effects of meditation and mindfulness practices—from boosting concentration to making us more empathetic.	meditation mindfulness
one of the best things about nanowrimo, or any terrifying deadline, is that it forces you to write quickly. (hello, procrastinators.) if you’re writing quickly—if writing quickly is your stated goal—then you don’t have time to do the number one thing that interrupt your writing flow: think about whether what you’re writing is good.	writing nanowrimo
good morning, national novel writing month participants! did you do your 1667 words this morning? what are you writing about this year?
	writing
november is national novel writing month, aka nanowrimo. the goal: to write a 50,000-word (175-page) book in the next 30 days.	writing nanowrimo
are you embarking on a one-month quest to write the first draft of that novel you’ve been dreaming of? or perhaps you just want to feed off the energy of the 400,000 people who are. here are our top tips for aspiring novelists.
	
practice makes perfect, the old adage goes, and the more you write the better you get at it. whether you&#39;re blogging for money or writing for yourself—perhaps for november&#39;s nanowrimo, national novel writing month—here are some tips to develop a writing habit.	writing
tim clare’s couch to 80k writing podcast is a delightful, intense, encouraging eight-week journey towards writing a novel. for the best experience, go into it blind; all you need to know is that it’s good and it’s appropriate for any experience level. if you want to know more, keep reading, but be aware that here be spoilers.	writing
most of us go days without writing anything by hand, and when we finally need to jot something down, it looks like the writing of a third grader. writing by hand in the digital age feels almost antiquated, but there are plenty of reasons to maintain the quality of your penmanship, or (gasp) even improve it.	writing antiquated
this past month i participated in national novel writing month (also known as “nanowrimo”). it was fun, exhausting, stressful, and, at times, miserable. but it was also one of the greatest lessons i’ve ever learned regarding time management and creativity.
	nanowrimo writing creativity
trying to find the time to work on passion projects is always difficult. in the above quote, shawn blanc suggests that one step to doing so is to alter your outlook a little.
	work time
how’s nanowrimo going? do you have 20 percent of a novel on your hard drive yet? if not, maybe you’re having trouble thinking of what to write. fortunately, there’s a place on nanowrimo.org that is full of ideas ripe for the stealing.
	nanowrimo ideas
you know the scenario. you’re looking for a creative idea and it’s just not coming. inspiration isn’t exactly cooperative. if you’re in need of an idea and don’t have time to set yourself up for inspiration, try going for a walk.	inspiration
it&#39;s happened to all of us—you&#39;re in the shower and inspiration strikes. you struggle to remember when you get out. sometimes you&#39;re successful, other times, maybe not—but why is the shower such a prime place for inspiration? let&#39;s take a look, and see how you can harness that brilliance other times, too.	inspiration
the word “inspiration” usually means something that mentally stimulates you. but “inspiration” also means to breathe in. the meanings poetically combine when you think of yourself breathing in thoughts, filling your body with ideas. but don’t forget to breathe out.	inspiration
do you have the first 1,667 words of your novel in a google doc? a note on your phone? or perhaps you spent the first day of nanowrimo meticulously organizing an empty outline in scrivener? here are some of the writing tools that amateur novelists swear by.
	nanowrimo writing writing_tools
scrivener is a name that gets tossed around a lot in writing circles, but it&#39;s not immediately clear how it&#39;s useful. subsequently, i&#39;ve avoided it for years. then, on a whim recently, i checked it out, and now i can&#39;t imagine writing anything without it. here&#39;s what i&#39;ve learned in my time.	writing
writing is a very personal practice, and as a result you have a million writing-focused apps to choose from. from distraction-free apps that take up your whole screen to feature-packed mainstays like microsoft word, we&#39;ve put together a guide to help you choose the writing software that&#39;s right for you.	writing
your computer is packed with distractions: blinking icons in the system tray, chiming reminders, a web browser ripe with the promise of internet fun. here&#39;s a look at five popular distraction-free writing applications to get you writing without interruptions.	distraction writing
unlike the computers of yesteryear and the typewriters of yore, modern computers are packed with distractions. this week we want to hear about your favorite distraction-free writing application.	distraction distractions writing
november is national novel writing month, or nanowrimo, and that means that if you haven’t started your story yet, now is the perfect time. writing has a ton of mental and emotional benefits, so let’s get started! here are some tools that will help.	writing nanowrimo
creative writing is a unique beast among writers. you can get swept away writing out every detail of a room, or stuff your stories with characters and too many plot twists. if you want to refine your stories, practice with a dirty joke.	writing
there’s no shortcut to writing a great story. however, there are guidelines that can help get you started if you’ve never done it before. this chart compiles several different forms of advice for beginners into one handy reference.	writing
national novel writing month is all about putting your head down and cranking out as many words as you can, but it can still be fun to make it a social experience, too. a write-in is just what you need to keep you and your fellow scribblers motivated. here’s how to set one up:
	writing
mindfulness is having a moment. a trending moment, specifically: the hashtag #mindfulnessinamerica is currently trending on twitter, thanks to the mindfulness in america conference going on as these words are being typed. but even before jewel and anderson cooper joined forces, meditation (and specifically mindfulness meditation) had become increasingly popular, thanks to apps such as headspace and studies touting the lasting effects of mindfulness on the mind and body. but are these apps really as effective as serious meditation training? and do these studies’ findings have any basis in reality? 	meditation mindfulness
when you attempt to envision a writer, i imagine many of you see a quirky recluse, hunched over a desk in some cabin, crumpled paper strewn about as they obsessively work on the next great american novel. but writing is so much more.
	writing
i’m not going to tell you that you should write every single day, nor am i going to list out reasons that would make my arguments general enough for everyone. this is merely a story of how i believe my passive writing has helped me in the last year.	writing
when it comes to pocket-sized notebooks, two companies stand above the rest: moleskine and field notes. both are incredibly popular and work great for what they are, but choosing between the two is difficult. we’re here to help you make that choice.
	notebooks
so you have a new writing app you’re dying to try, eh? well, before you sit down to take on that big writing project, consider giving that app a solid test run so you can learn all the ins and outs first.
	writing
sometimes the hardest part about writing isn’t finding ideas or knowing how to begin, it’s maintaining a flow so you actually finish what you started. it’s not quite total writer’s block since you’re already on the move, but a writer’s road block, if you will. this trick that star trek: the next generation staff writers used can help you keep on truckin’.
	writing
if you made a simple creative action every day, what would you have at the end of 100 days? april 3 starts #the100dayproject, which invites you to answer that question for yourself. past participants have done 100 days of collages, pompoms, illustrated quotes and dancing in public.
	the100dayproject art
you’ve heard of people having eureka moments, of ideas coming to them unbidden. it might seem like creativity strikes by accident, the truth is even the unprompted creative breakthroughs were earned.	creativity
with creativity becoming a commodity that so many people trade on, it&#39;s more important than ever to have ideas constantly flowing. but are these creative careers only available to the gifted few? not at all. most ideas about creativity being an elusive muse just aren&#39;t accurate.	creativity
we like to think that creativity is a spigot you can turn on and off, but it just doesn’t work that way for most of us. over on fivethirtyeight, they take a look at some of the research behind creativity and suggest shying away from using goals in an attempt to focus your ambition. 	creativity work
so you want to get paid for your writing, but you&#39;ve never been published. you have no formal experience, and no one&#39;s ever hired you for a writing-related job. the professional legwork that comes with getting paid to write can be intimidating. honing a few important skills can help you get started.	writing
chrome/windows/mac/linux: if you’ve ever had a phrase on the tip of your tongue, you probably took to google to search for the right wording. writefull does this work for you. it’s a free, helps improve your writing, compares phrases, shows you how they’re worded depending on the context, suggests synonyms, and more.	writing
this one is for the hardcore novel writers who are doubting themselves, the ones who committed earlier this month to writing 50,000 words in 30 days, but then...uh, something happened.
	writing
if you’re planning on cranking out the next great novel this november for nanowrimo, you might want to sharpen your craft first. these online courses will get your creative writing skills in ship shape.
	writing creative_writing online_courses nanowrimo
moocs, or massive open online courses, can be very useful and a lot of fun. but why do them alone? turn your next online course into a book club-style exercise.
	moocs online_courses
we already round up some of the best free online classes in our lifehacker u series, but the classes we highlight come from a variety of sources around the web that offer tons more than we can feature. let&#39;s build a list of the best sites, schools, and resources for those free classes you can take from the comfort of your desk. 	free_online_classes online_classes
taking online courses can prepare you for your next job and strengthen your position as a job candidate. when you include classes in your resume, however, make sure you’re doing so thoughtfully. recruiters shared with the muse the best strategies for including your online learning.	
interested in learning how to build web sites or improve your web design skills? there&#39;s a wealth of resources for you (including our own night school on the topic). here, in one place is an exhaustive guide to the best tools around, curated by skilledup after reviewing over 140 resources available.	learning web_design design web_sites
contrary to our romanticized notions, writers don’t just sit around all day, drink coffee and scotch, and wait for inspiration to strike. like any other job, they have to be disciplined and productive. while that does involve lots of coffee, it also requires hard work. here’s how some famous authors have kept their nose to the grindstone.	
writing is a great way to express yourself, work through your own thoughts, and all-around exercise your brain. in honor of nanowrimo and writing week here at lifehacker, here are some of our favorite ways to improve your writing.	writing writing_week
task lists are great, but sometimes you want a reminder that&#39;s right in front of your face to be absolutely certain you don&#39;t forget something on the way to the office. use a dry erase marker to leave yourself a mirror-note.	
writing is something everyone should do on some level. no matter what makes you put pen to paper, these three tips from jennifer egan will help as you continue your own writer’s journey.
	writing
i only remember one practical writing lesson from my three years as an english major: whenever you can, put the best bits at the end of the sentence. put the next-best bits at the beginning, and put the rest in the middle. this trick works in every kind of writing, and i wish i’d spent my college years learning more tricks like it, instead of pretending to read the brothers karamazov.
	writing
former fbi director james comey’s testimony was released yesterday in written form ahead of his hearing today. it’s a matter-of-fact recounting of a few conversations he had with the president, so you wouldn’t expect it to be an entertaining read. but it’s well-crafted: just the right amount of detail, just the right amount of scene setting. ever need to tell a story? use these tips to tell it like james comey.
	comey
learning how to write is like learning how to play a musical instrument: once you learn the basic rules—grammar, spelling and punctuation—and are writing technically correct sentences, there’s a still the whole world of syntax, diction, and style to conquer. and this is where writers, like musicians, have opinions: is it better to write straightforward, no-frills prose, or to weave verbal flights of fancy that illustrate complex, poetic sentiments? or something in between? for me, diction is a big deal—the writers i admire are precise in their word choice—and i appreciate tidy sentences that get to the point.	writing grammar
it’s almost halloween, which means you are already late on your holiday cards. if you’ll be writing your end-of-year letter on behalf of yourself, your partner, and maybe your kids, start thinking about your return address.
	holiday_cards
reader donn writes in:	
by gina trapani	
in 1985, the national council of teachers of english, an organization that certainly did not foresee a future of blogs, social media, hot takes and hastily dashed-off tweets, emails and texts, issued a resolution:	
even though we learn a great deal in school, some of the most essential skills we need as adults aren’t universally, formally taught. here are some of the subjects and skills we wish we’d learned in school early on (and which you can still learn now. it’s never too late!).	school
if you stare down at the semicolon key in fear, unsure of what power might be released if you press it, never fear. this video eloquently explains how to unleash the semicolon’s power correctly.	semicolon
journaling can be a therapeutic practice, or a way to get your creative juices flowing, especially when you make it a daily habit. but sometimes you just don’t have that much to say, which is why these daily prompts are so useful.
	journaling
like any habit, journaling is easier said than done. i tried for years (all of the half-empty notebooks in my childhood bedroom can attest to this) and didn’t form a sustaining habit until i studied abroad in college and wrote in a travel journal daily. something just clicked during that time, and i kept it up when i was back in the states, where it morphed from a catalogue of the places i visited and food i ate into a place to work through feelings, expand on questions or random observations and set goals for myself.
	journaling
journaling every day is a habit that comes with a lot of great benefits, like dealing with emotions, focusing on goals, and developing creativity. if you don’t know where to start, this simple template can help you get the ball rolling.	journaling journal goals
i’m always searching for ways to counteract my type-a, future-focused tendencies that make me a tangled ball of stress. try meditation, they say. i’ve tried sitting still, focusing on nothing in particular and thinking about not thinking. i’ve had some success with it, but the real breakthrough came when i started journaling.
	journaling meditation
every november, nanowrimo challenges writers and would-be writers to knock out a novel over the course of the month. it’s a challenge i’ve tried at least half a dozen times and completed once. despite my limited success rate, i always try again the next year, because frankly, it’s a pretty fun exercise, even if i don’t always manage to finish.
	nanowrimo
national novel writing month comes to a close today and now that you have your 175-page near-masterpiece on paper, it&#39;s time to get to the process of editing. we&#39;ve tallied up a few of our favorite tips from writers and some great apps for editing to help you along your way. 	writing national_novel_writing_month writers
 today is the first day of national novel writing month (nanowrimo), where thousands of people challenge themselves to write a 50,000 word, 175-page novel before the end of november. it&#39;s a huge task for even seasoned writers, but writing that much does more than just hone your writing skills. sitting down to write every day can also serve to clear your mind, get the creative juices flowing, and add a little meditative respite to your day that may otherwise be missing. 	nanowrimo writing national_novel_writing_month writers
november is national novel writing month, which means you&#39;ve got until the end of the month to finish your 175-page novel. one month may not seem like much time to write 50,000 words, but that&#39;s exactly the point.	writing
“a good composer does not imitate; he steals,” igor stravinsky supposedly said. faulkner allegedly phrased it as “immature artists copy, great artists steal.” steve jobs put it most simply: “good artists copy, great artists steal.” the saying regularly inspires artists, thinkers, and dorm-room poster designers. but in practical terms, what does it mean?
	art
in 2010, thomas thwaites decided he wanted to build a toaster from scratch. he walked into a shop, purchased the cheapest toaster he could find, and promptly went home and broke it down piece by piece.	
ideas make the world go round, but coming up with great ones isn’t always easy. here are ten ways you can prompt your brain to get those ideas flowing.	ideas
i didn’t know what i was going to write about today. when this happens, normally i grab a coffee to help get the ideas flowing, but for the last few days in montreal, no one’s been allowed to drink the water due to a bacteria leakage. this also means: no coffee. so instead, i grabbed the next best thing to help me get going: a beer.	coffee beer ideas
van gogh may now be widely recognized as one of the most influential and creative artists of all time, but he died alone and penniless. why? because 100 years ago his canvas’ were seen as the hallucinatory original works of a sociopathic recluse. it wasn’t until years later, when other artists and critics had defined a new aesthetic criteria for art that his works were accepted as creative masterpieces.	
marvin gaye might have been best known for albums like i heard it through the grapevine and what’s going on, but when you look closer, you see an artist who struggled with depression  who somehow found a way through that to release some of the greatest soul music to come out of motown.
	music
when you’ve hit a wall while working on a project, there’s no sense in banging your head against it. here’s how isaac asimov, the prolific science fiction author and science writer, worked his way through creative blocks.
	work isaac_asimov
today’s nintendo game designer and producer shigeru miyamoto’s birthday, and to celebrate, we figured it was high time to take a look at some of his insights into the creative process.	
dear lifehacker, 
every week it seems like there&#39;s a new email, calendar, or to-do app out and i can&#39;t keep up. how can i find the right one for me in a sea of hundreds of options?	
every week, we highlight awesome workstations, battlestations, office spaces, and other tech’d out spots where people work, play, relax, and get stuff done. here’s a look back at your favorites from the past year. 	battlestation
there’s nothing like writing with a fountain pen, and while they can be expensive, you don’t have to spend a ton of money to own one. for less than $25, you can have a refillable pen perfect for art, journaling, or taking notes in style. let’s look at two of the best, most accessible budget options you can buy.	pens writing
the debate over hand writing important notes versus typing them is one we’ve hit on before, but this graphic lays out all of the data clearly, and even offers some tips on choosing a writing implement based on the type of notes you’re taking.	notes typing
even if you do most of your work on a computer, there are times you just have to break out some good old-fashioned paper. maybe you&#39;re a pen person. maybe you&#39;re a pencil person. this one is for the pencil people. let&#39;s see your favorite!	
building on jerry seinfeld&#39;s productivity secret, personal development bloggers jared and xavier shay highlight how they&#39;ve modified seinfeld&#39;s &quot;don&#39;t break the chain&quot; calendar method as an effective way to stay productive and on task.	productivity
you’ve tried everything: asked around, played with a few theories about “how you work best”, and downloaded app after app promising to make you more efficient. if you feel like nothing’s working, this crash course examines some of the most lauded productivity systems, then walks you through how to can cherry pick the methods that work for you to create your own productivity style. 
	productivity
 if you have to write, code, or you just want to compose a letter or e-mail without being distracted, penzen offers the ultimate in distraction-free writing environments. simply visit the site, maximize your browser, remove those pesky toolbars, and get to work.	writing
last week we asked you to share your favorite distraction-free writing tool. we rounded up the nominations and put the five most popular before you for a vote. now we&#39;re back to highlight the winner and runners-up.	distraction writing
the new york times beats the whole &quot;multi-tasking reduces productivity&quot; horse to death, reporting on another set of studies that show human brains slow down when they have to juggle tasks:	productivity
time magazine covers what they call &quot;generation m&quot; - m for multitasking - made up of overstimulated teenagers who constantly split their time and attention between instant messaging, facebook, myspace, their ipods, cell phone and blogs.	multitasking attention
wired news reports that 8 out of 10 people involved in auto collisions or near-crashes were distracted because they were doing something else in the car.	
 when its time to buckle down and get some serious work done, we would hope that you have a go-to productivity method or technique that works best for your workflow. after all, we talk a lot about productivity at lifehacker, and all of the different techniques you can use to spend more time doing, and less time organizing or thinking about doing. so this week we&#39;re going to take a look at five of your favorite productivity techniques, based on reader nominations. 	productivity technique work
i&#39;ve long been overwhelmed by an unwieldy list of goals that would sit, unaccomplished, in a long-term to-do list year after year. then i came across a simple trick that solved my chronic problem. as gimmicky as it may sound, i&#39;m now accomplishing everything i&#39;d been putting off in just an hour a day. here&#39;s how you can, too. 	goals
android: last month, we got news of a particularly nasty android vulnerability called stagefright that affects nearly every android device. if you want to find out if you’re vulnerable, stagefright detector can let you know.	android stagefright
chrome: the pomodoro technique is a great way to keep yourself on task, and if you spend a lot of time in chrome, time doser is a great app to help you along.	pomodoro chrome
android/windows phone/windows 10: pomodoro. kanban boards. time tracking. scheduling. if you’re into productivity and a fan of lifehacker, you know these concepts and how they can help you get stuff done. timestats brings them all in one place to make the ultimate productivity app.
	productivity pomodoro kanban time_tracking scheduling
mac: pomodoro timers are easy enough to find, but if you&#39;re looking for something that&#39;s incredibly simple and free, pomodoro one does the job. 	mac timers pomodoro
web/android/ios: we&#39;ve talked earlier about the pomodoro technique, the productivity method where you work in short bursts with small breaks in between. pomotodo combines this technique with a to-do list that is available on all your devices, and also tracks your overall productivity.	productivity pomodoro to-do to-do_list
if you want to try the pomodoro productivity technique, you&#39;ll need a timer to track your work sessions and remind you to take breaks. marinara timer is a simple—but flexible—webapp that gets the job done, and gives you some great customization choices to boot.	productivity pomodoro timer
  os x: pomodorable is the perfect pomodoro timer and to-do tracker that uses visual cues to keep you organized and on track, and integrates completely with reminders in os x mountain lion. change a to-do in pomodorable, and it&#39;s immediately synced to reminders. 	pomodoro pomodoro_timer os_x reminders mountain_lion os_x_mountain_lion sync
  ios: the pomodoro technique is one of your and one of our favorite productivity techniques. if you&#39;re ready to upgrade from a simple timer to a more robust pomodoro tool, pomio for ios can track your to-dos, count your completed pomodoros, and serve as a pomodoro timer so you can focus and get to work. 	ios pomodoro productivity timer to-dos pomodoro_technique
 android: if you&#39;re a fan of the pomodoro productivity technique, you know that part of the philosophy is to work in short, focused, timed bursts and then take periodic breaks to relax. to do this, you&#39;ll need a timer, and pomodroido is a free app that turns your android phone into one that follows you everywhere. 	productivity pomodoro timer android
windows/mac/linux: fans of the pomodoro technique for productivity work in focused, timed bursts. tomighty is an easy to use, pretty desktop timer to help you organize your tasks with this method.	pomodoro productivity timer top
adobe air: pomodairo is a timer and task management tool based on the pomodoro technique. in addition to just timing your pomodoro sequences, it tracks your tasks, how much time you spend on them, interruptions, and your productive (but unplanned) work.	pomodoro timer task_management tasks
i spent ten years “writing” a tv show about silicon valley. i spent hundreds of hours talking about it, collecting ideas in a giant evernote file, brainstorming the soundtrack—but not much time writing it. because every time i thought i had a handle on it, i thought of a better version. over the years, i adapted my unwritten pilot into an unwritten book, movie, web series, and comic strip. i chased every idea at once, until the project loomed grand and unwieldy in my head. i was building up a mountain of idea debt.
	ideas
starting something new is hard. it can even be a little terrifying. maybe you don&#39;t know where to start, or maybe you&#39;re scared of failure. but the only way you&#39;ll ever get anything done is if you just get up and do it. here&#39;s how to conquer those fears, get off your ass, and actually achieve those goals.	goals
you&#39;ve learned to code, but now what? you may have some basic skills, but you&#39;re not sure what to do with them. here&#39;s how to choose and get started on your first real project. 	code how_to
hi. i am professional layf haker! do you have problems? good! here is how to fix them with hakes of our own that make life very better! we hake layfes for many years to bring you best tips and tricks! have a look:
	layf_haker
whether it’s poorly reported stories of hacked samsung tvs, sadly hilarious tales of hacked teddy bears, or even more bizarre claims about wiretapped microwaves, real, fake, and overblown accounts of all the things that can happen with the devices we choose to connect to the internet dominate the news. we’ve brought this stupid future on ourselves.
	

	from smart thermostats like the nest to always-on security cameras, every year we add more appliances and gadgets to our homes that connect to the internet. some offer great features like remote monitoring, others use data to help you optimize your home and save money. even so, anything connected to the internet is at risk of being hacked. here&#39;s how to keep all of that new gear safe.	security appliances how_to
when you&#39;re a perfectionist, it&#39;s hard not to look at your last project and constantly find things you hate about it.  legendary filmmaker hayao miyazaki suggests that having your next project ready is sometimes the only way to get over it.	miyazaki
procrastination is like bad signal or crappy wi-fi. everyone deals with it, but most of us don’t understand how it works. here’s the key: it’s not that you have a problem saying yes to the thing you’re supposed to be doing right now. the problem is you can’t say no to everything else.	procrastination
procrastination is like a voice in your head giving you several seemingly valid reasons to avoid doing something. usually it’s tough to summon a counterargument to overcome it. so instead of shouting over that voice telling you to put something off until later, why not ask it a question?	procrastination
when you’re putting together a portfolio for a potential job, you want to highlight your best work. you might feel like that’s your personal projects, but don’t neglect your professional work.	portfolio work
if you’re a freelancer, or just self-employed, you may be tempted to only use client-requested projects in your portfolio. after all, that’s work you were paid to do. however, personal projects reflect your own passions and work sensibilities, and may showcase your skills better to potential clients. 	work portfolio freelance self-employed
stepping out on your own and freelancing is a huge step, but there&#39;s a lot you should think about before you take that leap. one thing worth considering are the startup costs associated with working on your own. they&#39;re there—and some of them you might not expect. 	work freelancing
everyone who works in a creative field, or wants to, should subscribe to the monthly newsletter three cents. in each issue, writer and editor manjula martin writes three brief essays and lists some well-curated links about creative work. it’s helpful for learning industry norms and expectations, and it’s a great way for freelancers and work-from-home creatives to feel less isolated.
	creative_work
we’ve all been there. that enchanting, mysterious moment when the muse strikes. creativity is intoxicating. it’s frenetic. and — not to sound crass — it’s profitable. unfortunately, creativity is also fickle: the more you chase it, the harder it is to catch.	creativity

	gratitude isn&#39;t a trait that society pushes us to nurture too much. but if you&#39;re finding a general negative attitude too pervasive in your life, try starting a gratitude journal. even if you don&#39;t feel like it.	gratitude journal
eating lunch at your desk seems like a good idea. after all, you get more work done, show your coworkers how hard working you are, and you still eat enough to fuel the rest of your workday, right? 	work eating
most office workers have done it before: scarf down food at our desks because we&#39;re too busy to stop working. fast company suggests, however, that this might be the most useful time in your day, and eating lunch at your desk could make you less productive overall.	lunch work office
if you feel sluggish when you sit down at your desk every morning, this quick mini-workout will get your blood flowing and your brain powered up. you don’t even have to get out of your chair.
	work desk
meditation has a ton of benefits, from reducing anxiety to increasing concentration, but it isn’t something you can jump into and excel at right away. if you’ve tried to meditate before and couldn’t get into it, start with “mini meditation” first as an easy transition.	meditation
having delicious, affordable, and healthy work lunches takes planning and commitment.  stash a meal &quot;emergency lunch kit&quot; in your desk to improve mediocre lunches.	lunch work health
dear lifehacker,

like most people, i get hungry sometimes between breakfast and lunch, or between lunch and quitting time. i don&#39;t want to starve myself, but i also don&#39;t want to just hit the vending machine and eat candy and chips. what can i nibble on that isn&#39;t unhealthy but doesn&#39;t require a kitchen to cook? 	health
 if you&#39;re in the middle of a big project, traveling without time to stop and eat, or just too busy to really get up and grab something to eat, an energy bar can be a great bridge between meals. the trouble is that most energy bars, even from expensive, &quot;health food&quot; brands, can contain a world of ingredients you probably can&#39;t pronounce. thankfully it&#39;s surprisingly easy to make your own and control what goes into them. 	food energy health energy_bars health_food
packing your own lunch saves money and gets you to eat healthier, but finding combinations that both taste great and fill you up is tough. this formula makes sure you always have balanced, delicious box lunches.	lunch
 many of us can’t wait to pack up and head home at the end of a long workday: we count down the hours and as soon as our shift is up, we’re out the door. for others, there’s a stigma to leaving on time, or worse, we have a difficult time forcing ourselves to leave the office, whether or or not we love our work. here are some ways to break the cycle of working late and get your evenings, and sanity, back.	work hours
for most of my life, i managed to stay relatively organized with nothing but my own memory, but i recently started using apple’s reminders app to keep track of major work assignments and personal chores. it gets the job done, but it’s not very exciting to use. i didn’t even realize that fun was an option until i tested out moleskine’s excellent ios productivity app, actions.
	ios productivity moleskine
love it or hate it, apple&#39;s reminders app is built so deeply into ios and os x that it&#39;s impossible to ignore. if you want to stick inside apple&#39;s ecosystem but use reminders as an actual gtd-style app, blogger sven fechner shows you how. 	gtd reminders apple ios
since launching in 1997, moleskine has amassed the kind of following and loyalty few brands experience. (it&#39;s no secret that we&#39;re huge fans here at lifehacker.) the simply designed notebooks can be used for everything from travel journals and to-do lists, to sketch books and design portfolios. in the age of everything digital, moleskine has managed to keep analog not only relevant, but cool—and the company&#39;s co-founder maria sebregondi has a lot to do with that. today, she oversees brand development projects across moleskine&#39;s expanding collection of notebooks, bags, and writing instruments. we caught up with maria to find out her favorite apps, secret talents, and more. 	moleskine
with 2018 here, you’ve probably got a list of resolutions you’d like to keep, goals you’re itching to accomplish, and habits you’d love to cement into your daily routine. of course, these monumental tasks and projects will take some time, but it’s better to know when you’re most likely to get them done to keep yourself from struggling on a huge task at the end of the workday. the reason? according to redbooth, a project management software developer, your productivity isn’t constant throughout the week, or even throughout the day. if running out of steam when five o’clock rolls around sounds like a part of your routine, don’t fret: it’s part of being human.	productivity
crack-of-dawn conference calls, breakfast meetings, or even the fact that the office coffee maker is always turned off by noon are just a few examples of how the work world really is designed for early risers. night owls, on the other hand, flourish on a different timetable.	work
mornings are rough, especially if you&#39;re not the type of person who jumps out of bed ready to take on the day. still, the sun rises whether you care for the am hours or not. so, if you&#39;re by no means a morning person and you have to get up anyway, here&#39;s a guide to making the most of those hours and getting a start on the day. 	mornings
 if you have trouble getting up and out of the house in the morning on time every day, or just want an easy way to bump your schedule back a bit, try upgrading your morning routine with a playlist that&#39;s specifically built to let you know how much time you have left based on which song is playing and how close the playlist is to the end. 	morning
managing your time can be a tricky task when you don’t pay attention to the clock and find yourself working well past quitting time. luckily there’s rescuetime, which monitors how much time you spend browsing certain websites and using certain programs, and once you see how inefficiently you might have used your time, you can use that data to reclaim your day. we chatted with robby macdonell, vp of product development at rescuetime, to learn how it came to be.

intro by andy orin.	rescuetime
the idea of waking up early, sitting down to breakfast, and writing a few pages in a journal sounds great. but in practice, it rarely works out so cleanly. after a while, you start sleeping in a little more. then you skip writing, because you’re in a rush to beat traffic. and who has time for breakfast, anyway?	work
if you share a bathroom, or worse, share a bathroom with kids, getting ready in the morning can be tough. consider giving everyone a “morning routine kit,” with one place for all of their toiletries and one place to store them all. one tote, no cleanup, a more organized bathroom, and an effortless morning. 	morning_routine bathroom kids
over the last 12 months i have conducted countless productivity experiments on myself, interviewed some of the most productive people in the world, and read a ton of books and academic literature on productivity, all to explore how i could become as productive as possible. this is what i’ve learned.	productivity
we all have small gaps of time in our schedule throughout the day. that time adds up. you want to use those gaps wisely so your time doesn’t go to waste. one option is to assign small tasks to them every morning.	schedule tasks time
if you have a hard time shutting down at the end of the day, you’re not alone. most of us have a habit of letting the workday linger. to keep this from happening, assign a specific place and time for your unfinished business.	work time
having a daily routine helps you develop good habits and stick to your goals. if you have a hectic schedule, though, forcing certain types of work into every day can be counterproductive. instead, build a weekly schedule.	schedule work
ios: for reasons ranging from risqué to super-spy, you might occasionally want to send a secret image to somebody. while there are plenty of apps you can use to send disappearing images, cammeleon is a cool little ios app that lets you hide images within images.	images ios app secret
in the show i’m in right now, there’s an scene when the less-than-pleasant archdeacon of the notre dame cathedral, claude frollo, tells his adopted son, quasimodo, that “it takes two people to communicate.” but it’s not just the hunchback that forgets this lesson—i’m surprised, but not that surprised, about how easy it is to ignore this fact in everyday life.	
when it comes to messaging apps, signal is one of the most secure options around, but it turns out the service actually has a pretty big vulnerability if you’re using it on a mac.
	signal apps mac
skype is one of the most popular messaging apps around, but it’s never offered the type of end-to-end encryption that’s become standard in other services like whatsapp and imessage.
	encryption skype
with peer-to-peer payment services like square cash, venmo, and paypal there’s no need to carry cash anymore. these mobile apps make splitting checks, paying friends back, and lending money to family members as easy as tapping your finger. let’s look at them, and decide which one rises above the others.	money square_cash venmo paypal square
sending money online, whether you’re splitting the check at lunch, paying your share of the bills, or buying something via craigslist, is easier now than it’s ever been. there are tons of services that make it easy to transfer money with a phone number or email address. this week we’re looking at five of the best, based on your nominations.	money sending_money
whatsapp, the popular messaging app, has rolled out encrypted messages for its entire service. the encryption now protects texts, voice calls video, and chat rooms.
	messaging encryption
whatsapp announced on wednesday that it’s adding live location sharing, making it easier to find your friends in real life with the facebook-owned messaging app. it’s also great for sharing your commute so people know when you’ll arrive and that you’re safe.	whatsapp location_sharing
foursquare’s swarm 5.0, released yesterday on ios and coming soon to android, has a cleaner look and better venue categorization. most importantly, it downplays most of the social check-in app’s social elements and strengthens its solo benefits. that’s great news, because swarm might be more useful if you use it alone.
	swarm foursquare ios android
yesterday foursquare updated to allow your friends to check you in to places (with your permission). it can save time, but it also takes the choice away from you whether you want the internet to know where you are at a given moment. it&#39;s not the only social network that lets friends check you in or tag you publicly. facebook and instagram can also out you. here&#39;s how to turn it all off and take the wheel yourself.	facebook instagram foursquare
foursquare is like a community of insiders. they’ll tell you how to get free wi-fi at airports and local spots, and they’ll also tip you on the things you can order off the menu at restaurants and bars.	restaurants
free wi-fi is everywhere, but sometimes it isn&#39;t always the easiest to find. if you&#39;re at an establishment and don&#39;t know the wi-fi password, you might be able to find it in the comments on foursquare.	wi-fi free foursquare
whether you&#39;re traveling or just trying to get out of the house a bit more, there&#39;s one thing that plagues us everywhere we go: wi-fi. we may not have that cloud of wi-fi covering the planet yet, but you can find free wi-fi almost anywhere, if you know how to look. here&#39;s what you need to know. 	wi-fi free_wi-fi free travel
 free wi-fi isn&#39;t just a staple of coffee shops anymore. there are tons of other locations you&#39;re probably not aware of that now provide it, and here&#39;s how to find them.	free
you&#39;re out and about with your laptop and you&#39;re in need of some fast internet connectivity. here are some tried and true ways to find and get free wi-fi.	free_wi-fi wi-fi internet top
in case you spend a lot of your time thumbing through books or drinking coffee in or around a barnes &amp; noble bookstore, you&#39;ll be glad to know that b&amp;n is now the proud distributor of free wi-fi through at&amp;t. they&#39;ve offered wi-fi for quite some time, of course, but now you no longer have to pay for it. photo by grilled cheese. [macworld]	wi-fi free_wi-fi
android phones: wefi, the social-style free wi-fi finder, has released a free app to the android market that can automatically connect your phone to the strongest, free hotspot, saving you quite a few clicks.	wi-fi android wefi
it&#39;s by no means official, and it requires a bit of command line work, but one palm pre tweaker offers up a step-by-step guide to switching the smartphone into a 3g-fed, open access wi-fi hotspot.	palm_pre wi-fi
sometimes, you just need to quickly grab some free wi-fi while you&#39;re walking through town. you probably know that nearby coffee shops offer wi-fi, but tons of retailers and restaurants offer it too—you just need to know where to look.	wi-fi free retail
it&#39;s great that coffee shops offer free wi-fi to customers, but many are starting to employ time limits to limit how long you spend in their establishments. if you want to hang out longer than allowed, these time limits aren&#39;t that hard to circumvent. according to security expert brandon gregg, you just need to spoof your mac address. 	wi-fi free security
if you&#39;re always on the hunt for free wi-fi, rejoice: five of the big cable internet providers (bright house networks, cablevision, comcast, cox communications, and time warner cable) have banded together to provide each other&#39;s wi-fi hotspots to their customers for free in certain cities around the us. that means, if you subscribe to time warner, you have access to cablevision, comcast, cox, and bright house wi-fi networks for free—seriously increasing the number of networks you&#39;ll find around town. they&#39;re calling the new networks &quot;cablewifi&quot;, and they&#39;ll be available at tons of coffee shops, train stations, malls, and other locations you might want internet access. all you need to do is connect to the network and sign in with credentials given to you by your cable provider. right now, over 50,000 hotspots are already available in new york, los angeles, tampa, orlando, and philadelphia, with more cities on the docket. to see where wi-fi hotspots are located in your area, just head to cablewifi.com and pick your provider. [cnet]	wi-fi free cable_internet cable
foursquare is a surprisingly useful app for restaurant goers. now, it’s getting even better. you can now order food via delivery.com straight from a foursquare listing.	food delivery foursquare delivery.com
if you own multiple apple devices, you’ve probably signed into all of them with your apple id. you’ve also probably noticed that when you get a facetime call your computer rings, or when you get an imessage your ipad beeps. for most of us, this is a small annoyance worth fixing. for others, it’s a potential privacy nightmare.
	privacy apple
as remote working environments become more common, the interview process often involves never meeting your recruiter in person—instead, you&#39;ll interview over email or video chat. and because the medium is different from talking face-to-face, you need to adapt and use new strategies to ace that interview and land the job.	work video_chat
between constant password breaches and the nsa looking in on everything you do, you&#39;ve probably got privacy on the mind lately. if you&#39;re looking for a little personal privacy in your communications with friends and loved ones, or you just want to trust that the documents you email to your accountant or client aren&#39;t being intercepted and read, you&#39;ll need to encrypt those messages. thankfully, it&#39;s easy to do. here&#39;s how.	privacy email
group texts can be a lot of fun, especially when you start sharing links, gifs, and other fun media. but it’s always a problem when someone with a different operating system joins the party.
	
signal has made encryption available to the masses, but the secure messaging service also leaves one bit of personal information exposed: your private phone number.
	signal encryption
chrome: signal, the encrypted chat app built by open whisper systems and approved by the likes of edward snowden, is now out of beta and available as a desktop app through chrome.
	chrome signal
your data, from the christmas party photos you took last year to the tax return you filed (thank god for extensions, right?) is in more places than you think, which means securing as much of it as you can is vital. but the idea of encryption can be intimidating to the inexperienced, and often involves discussion of more esoteric topics like pgp, decryption keys, and other terms with which you may be unfamiliar. fortunately, ios and android make it easy to secure your data and protect it from malicious hackers and anyone looking to extract personal information.
	encryption ios android
when you really need to keep your files safe and secure, you need encryption. we’ve covered the basics before, and even rounded up your favorite encryption tools, but today we’re putting two of the most popular options for windows head to head to see which one is the best at keeping your sensitive data safe.
	encryption
with one accidental click, anyone you email from your gmail account can see your old google+ profile.
	google google+ email gmail
facebook’s terrible, horrible, no good, very bad week continues. though the social network’s “contact import” feature has been around for a very, very long time, you’ve probably forgotten about it. and if you want keep facebook from filling in the gaps by collecting data about your friends from you—or worse, records of your call data—it’s easy to shut your  devices up.	facebook
if you can’t bring yourself to delete your facebook account entirely, you’re probably thinking about sharing a lot less private information on the site. the company actually makes it pretty easy to find out how much data it’s collected from you, but the results might be a little scary.	facebook
online privacy expectations are evolving, but whether facebook likes it or not, a lot of us want the privacy settings we signed up for when we joined the service. here&#39;s how to use facebook&#39;s new privacy controls to regain your original privacy.	privacy facebook


users of the social networking site facebook might have noticed the recent uproar over beacon, an opt-in feature that notifies friends about purchases made at outside web sites. while users can, as of yesterday, turn off the friend notifications in facebook&#39;s privacy settings, facebook can still collect the information. if you want to block facebook entirely from knowing about your outside activities, howto web site wikihow has the solution: use the blocksite firefox extension and add the following url to its block list:	facebook privacy
ios 9 introduced “content blockers,” for safari. these function primarily as ad blockers, but they can also be used to block tracking data and other elements. after weeks of testing and research, we’ve picked 1blocker as the best of the bunch so far.	ios_9 safari
android: adblock plus is a great browser extension, and the company has tons of useful other services. today, it gets one more. the company has announced a new, standalone browser—based on firefox—that has ad blocking built in.	android ad_blocking adblock_plus
web: facebook’s privacy tools are notoriously complicated and constantly changing. stalkscan is a third-party tool that can find and highlight any information that’s publicly visible (or visible to you) for a particular profile.	privacy facebook
facebook has been trying to simplify and help people understand its privacy settings for a while now, and today they’re launching a new interactive tool that functions as both a series of how-to guides and a checkup tool.
	facebook privacy
yesterday, the new york times went deep into some of uber’s shady business practices. in the article, one small section revealed that one service we’ve talked about extensively over the years, unroll.me, has been mining and selling off your email data, and uber used that data to gain intelligence on lyft.
	email uber unroll.me
“another day, another migraine” is a wonderful morning mantra from spongebob’s squidward q. tentacles, which you can also apply to your account security on a near-weekly basis. it feels like there is always some new data breach or unfortunate leak you have to deal with, and today’s exercise is the big one. the biggest one, actually: 1,160,253,228 combinations of emails and passwords, affecting 773 million unique email addresses in total.	security password account
at this point, it seems like there’s a new data breach every week where users usernames, passwords, and other personal information has been exposed to hackers. keeping track of them all can be quite the undertaking.
	passwords
you know by now that you absolutely need a password manager. but you never get around to buying one. let’s fix that right now with remembear, a new password manager that’s easy to install and figure out. we tested it, and while we still prefer 1password for most users, we recommend remembear for beginners, especially during its free beta period.
	remembear 1password

	android/ios: it&#39;s no secret that a good vpn is a must-have, and we even have some favorites, but finding a good phone-friendly vpn is another matter. tunnelbear, one of our favorite services to get around location-restrictions, just launched updated mobile apps that make mobile security and privacy a snap.	android ios security privacy vpn tunnelbear
this week, password manager dashlane analyzed ten years’ worth of passwords from public data breaches. the big lesson is, don’t reuse passwords. not even a little, not even with a “formula.” password formulas are easy to hack. and even your bullshit accounts deserve strong, unique passwords.
	passwords
web site accountkiller offers clear and simple instructions for deleting online accounts at all the most popular sites—and with deletion instructions for over 150 sites, some less popular sites, as well. 	web
is your password sunshine, 666666, or monkey? bad news: if a hacker tries to guess your password, those are some of the very first ones they’ll try. splashdata, makers of the password managers splashid, teamsid, and gpass, just released its annual “worst passwords” list. the company examined over 5 million leaked passwords, and named the 25 most common passwords. combined, these passwords are used by 10 percent of computer users.
	passwords splashdata
internet standards expert, ceo of web company ifusion labs, and blogger john pozadzides knows a thing or two about password security—and he knows exactly how he&#39;d hack the weak passwords you use all over the internet.	security passwords password_security
macos (and after we wrote this, windows!): it’s been a few years since we’ve seen agilebits release a major update to its killer password management app, 1password, which is why everyone’s so excited about last week’s debut of 1password 7. this app should pretty much be a household name at this point, as it’s one of the major password managers we recommend  to create and store super-secure passwords and passphrases. 	passwords 1password password passphrase
if you’ve never checked on your app subscriptions, i don’t blame you. it’s a feature buried pretty deeply in your ios device. but then, you could discover an app charging you $100 per week, so it pays to be vigilant.
	subscriptions ios
there are a number of nefarious activities to watch out for when your social security number has been compromised. with the recent equifax data breach, you might be wondering how to tell if a thief is using your stolen information.	
another day, another attempt by equifax to stem the tide of consumer rage in the wake of the gigantic breach that left vulnerable the personal data of up to 143 million people. now the company has said they will waive the fees they charge to freeze your credit for 30 days*. 	equifax
identity theft has topped the list of consumer complaints filed with the ftc for 13 consecutive years and there&#39;s no evidence that this year it won&#39;t make the list for the 14th. just how many victims of identity theft are there each year? while we don&#39;t yet have the figures for 2013, a javeline report puts the numbers from 2012 at 12.6 million.	identity_theft

	last week, health insurer anthem lost over 80 million patient records, including sensitive information like social security numbers, email and physical addresses, and more. the fallout has already started, with anthem customers getting bombarded with phishing scams. if you&#39;re an anthem customer—or are just worried about the next hack—here&#39;s what you need to do to protect yourself.	security anthem phishing
spotting a fake app is usually pretty easy, but that hasn’t stopped hackers and scammers from trying to trick us. the latest example is a pair of phony telegram apps that look and work just like the real thing, but bombard you with ads to make extra money.
	apps
when something is too good to be true, it usually is.
	
ios: apple is celebrating the holiday season with an easter egg in its apple store app that turns your iphone into a snow globe.
	apple apple_store app snow
if you updated your iphone to ios 11.1 you maybe have noticed a weird bug: your iphone or ipad autocorrects the letter i to an a with a crazy symbol beside it.
	iphone ipad
the iphone has a bad habit of trying to autocorrect a word you typed correctly.  if you&#39;re sick of it screwing up your sentences, here&#39;s a quick fix to put an end to your frustrations.	iphone autocorrect
spell check is handy but automatic correction is an even more seamless way to fix mistakes as you type. today we look at two applications that correct your spelling errors, key transposing, and other errors on the fly.	
writing an email on your iphone or ipod touch with a lot of jargon? tapping out a text in another language? here&#39;s how you can prevent the overbearing auto-correct feature from slowing you down.	iphone text email ipod_touch language
face id on the iphone x works pretty perfectly most of the time, though it does seem to have some issues telling the difference between family members. but what if apple’s new facial-recognition technology can’t tell the different between you and some random person, like a co-worker?	iphone_x face_id apple
we all keep private information on our smartphones in the form of photos, text messages, and even access to our financial information. apple claims that the iphone x makes all that data even more secure thanks to face id, but there’s one group of people this may not apply to: your family.
	face_id iphone_x apple
it seems like every week we hear about a smartphone security flaw. whether it&#39;s a massive bug in ios, apps leaking your location data to the public, or insecure passcodes on our phones, smartphone security isn&#39;t taken seriously. yet it should be: in a lot of cases, you can access someone&#39;s entire life with just their phone.	security ios phones
the iphone x has only been out for a few days, but it’s already branded as “the most breakable iphone ever.” a series of tests from squaretrade found that the iphone x screen shattered after being dropped from six feet, also causing the display to malfunction.
	iphone_x iphone
when ios 11 first dropped, we warned you to wait before updating your iphone. two weeks later, it may still be worth holding off if you’re using an iphone 7 or older, at least according to a recent survey from phonearena.	ios_11 iphone
okay, so you just threw down a cool $1k for a new iphone x. it’s gorgeous, it’s filled with nifty advanced tech, and—you have no idea how to use it. this will help.
	iphone iphone_x
one of the many ways apple sets its smartphones apart from the herd is with special ringtones, dating back to the original iphone and its iconic marimba melody. the iphone x is no different. it features an exclusive default ringtone called “reflection,” so that everyone around you will know that you shelled out for the pricey new gadget as soon as it starts to ring.
	iphone_x apple iphone ringtones
apple just released ios 11.1, but it’s already testing out the next big software update  (3:22 pm - updated to reflect the public release of ios 11.1). the first developer preview for ios 11.2 arrived this week, bringing some small but exciting improvements to the operating system.	apple ios_11
the iphone x is almost here, but a new report claims apple is struggling to make enough copies. according to bloomberg, the company may have even lowered the accuracy requirements for its new facial recognition face id camera to help its suppliers meet demands on time.
	iphone_x apple face_id
the iphone x is finally here, and that means it’s time for the first iphone x teardown. as usual, ifixit is doing the honors, prying open apple’s new smartphone to see what’s inside and how hard repairs will be.
	iphone_x apple
when apple first announced face id for the iphone x, it claimed the new feature was significantly more secure than touch id and couldn’t be fooled by even the most realistic of masks. but it turns out that might not be the case.
	face_id iphone_x apple
face id, the new face-scanning security camera introduced in the iphone x, works pretty flawlessly most of the time. but there’s one place where apple’s latest tech may be giving you trouble: in bed.
	iphone_x face_id apple
using the iphone x means relearning almost everything you knew about navigating in ios. that’s because apple removed the home button, replacing that nice tactile input with a bunch of new swipes and gestures.
	iphone_x apple iphone
unless you&#39;re constantly messing around with your iphone&#39;s settings, most people don&#39;t dig into the accessibility features in ios unless they need to solve a specific problem. that said, there&#39;s actually a few great features hidden in those options that everyone can make use of, even if you don&#39;t need them.	iphone ios
the iphone x design might be perfect if it wasn’t for that notch. the bit of bezel at the top of the screen may be necessary for apple’s new face id  to work, but that doesn’t mean we don’t hate the way it looks.
	iphone_x apple iphone
last week, we got a look under the iphone x’s hood, revealing a pair of batteries and a few other surprises. but if you don’t feel like opening up your shiny new smartphone you can still see what’s happening behind the screen thanks to a fresh wallpaper from the teardown experts at ifixit.	iphone_x iphone
here’s a fix for a very specific issue with the iphone x. if face id doesn’t work the first time, how can you get it to rescan without physically picking up the phone or navigating away from the lock screen?
	iphone_x face_id
the popularity of cheap messaging service whatsapp is so intense that over a million people have downloaded a fake update on it from google play.	whatsapp fake
whatsapp users with fingers moving faster than their brain will be happy to know the company’s rolling out a new feature that lets you retract that last message, and wipe it from the conversation. right now the feature is rolling out to certain users, according to the next web.
	whatsapp
spring is here, which means it’s once again for the most wonderful day of the year: free cone day at ben &amp; jerry’s.	free_cone_day
dairy queen is celebrating the official first day of spring today by handing out free ice cream cones. to score yours, you just have to show up at any dairy queen and ask for one.
	free ice_cream
the satisfaction of eating a burrito the size of a kitten is wonderful in itself, but you can now reap additional benefits—including actual cash—through chipotle’s rewards program.	chipotle rewards
if you’re an american express membership rewards cardholder, you might be able to save money with the points you’ve earned. eligibility varies, but according to slickdeals, there’s a possibility of getting 20 percent off your purchases on amazon by paying for them with amex points. here’s how.	amazon amex rewards points
amazon echo, amazon tap, amazon essentials—all obvious amazon lines you can pick and choose from as you compare them to name brands. but amazon has a number of new, less publicized generic labels, which you could be buying without even realizing it.
	amazon brands generic
mark your calendars and prepare your wallets—or, if you’re trying not to spend any money, your site blockers: amazon’s yearly extravaganza of online deals is approaching. a recent leak suggests it’s all happening on monday, july 16.	amazon
amazon’s prime day is tuesday, july 11th, with deals kicking off at 9pm et tomorrow, july 10th. if you’ve never participated in the day before, it can be a bit overwhelming. it’s kind of like heading to walmart on black friday, except since it’s on the internet you’re less likely to get assaulted.
	prime amazon deals
you open your door and there, sitting on your welcome mat, is a clearly marked package from amazon. thing is, you didn’t order anything from them, and upon closer inspection, it’s apparent this delivery isn’t for you. what should you do?
	amazon
the united states post office started testing a new service that scans your mail and emails you photos of it about a year ago, but now the service is rolling out in most major metropolitan areas.
	mail
ever go to the post office only to find a line out the door that makes the dmv seem inviting? plan your visit strategically: real simple says the best time to go is about a half hour after it opens.	
the us postal service offers a lot of cheap mailing service and daily delivery to your home, but if you&#39;ve ever visited one of these post offices you might have noticed they kind of suck. here are a few ways you can improve the situation by shipping without leaving the house, never paying for supplies, and giving your mail a better shot and actually getting delivered. 	post_office mail
amazon prime’s free two-day shipping is a pretty great deal, but it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re going to get your order two days after you order it. confused? i was too when my recent in-stock order took nearly a week to get to me.
	amazon amazon_prime
if you shop online, an amazon prime membership is easily worth it for the free two-day shipping alone. but that’s not all a prime membership gets you. here are some of the perks you may have forgotten.	amazon_prime amazon membership shipping
amazon’s business is booming, but scams from fraudulent third-party sellers are on the rise. here’s how you can shop safely and avoid buying a big ol’ box of nothin’.
	amazon scams
there’s no denying that using amazon’s kindle is easy. a few years ago, however, it was a little too easy when it came to making in-app purchases, and a ton of kids managed to run up high bills on mom and dad’s credit card without anyone realizing until it was too late.
	amazon app
it can be hard to imagine your life with out amazon. the company offers everything from online shopping to audiobooks to ai-powered speakers, all at cut-throat prices, but amazon also does a lot of things that you might not agree with.
	amazon
to catch a big ufc fight you usually only have two options: be a cable or satellite tv subscriber and pay an additional fee, or head to a crowded sports bar and hope you can find a seat that’s not next to a guy looking to start his own brawl. well, now amazon is selling ufc pay-per-view packages for the cord cutters out there who want to stay at home.	amazon sports ufc
wish you could watch sports news and highlights all day without a cable subscription? well, now you can. today, cbs launched sports hq, a free, ad-supported stream of all the sports stuff you love to fall asleep to on the couch.	sports news
while preseason games are already underway, the 2017 nfl season will officially begin september 7 when the new england patriots play the kansas city chiefs. fans of the gridiron game who don’t have cable should still be able to catch every game without resorting to hooking your tv up to a cable box, provided they do some research, and keep close track of their team’s schedule.
	cable
catching a pro league game at a stadium is way more fun than watching it on tv, but it’ll cost you, especially if one the teams you’re going to see is crazy popular. these nba, nfl, mlb, and nhl teams increase ticket demand and make even the cheap seats seem expensive, so you might want to watch these games at home.
	nba nfl nhl mlb
dear lifehacker,


	everyone talks about sports at the office. i&#39;m not particularly interested, but i&#39;d like to at least join in and bond with my coworkers. how can i learn just enough to be sociable without wasting a ton of time?	sports
the 2018 winter olympics have begun and it’s time to cheer on our athletes. trouble is, it’s hard to know what the heck’s going on in some of these events. why are there so many people skating at once? what is curling exactly? is ice dancing the same as figure skating? and, woah, does that lady have a gun?
	olympics winter
if you have cable and the full suite of nbc channels, this is easy. but for everyone else, full immersion in the winter sports extravaganza takes a little more planning and savvy. luckily, not too much.	
if you’re thinking about cutting the cable to save some money, you’ll need a good over-the-air antenna to watch some of your favorite shows. here’s how to pick the best one for you (along with a few of our favorites).	how_to antenna
the olympics have always been home to the most popular athletic events in the world, but there are usually a few head-scratchers too. maybe you have no idea how a certain sport works, or maybe you can’t figure out why it’s in the olympics in the first place. whatever the case, here are some of the weirder events in the 2016 summer games, how they work, and when to try and watch them.
	olympics
if you’re interested in diving into the fascinating history of the olympics and how each country has performed over the years, this collection of charts is for you.
	olympics history charts
sports lingo permeates many aspects of life, especially the business world. you’re probably heard them around the office, things like being “down for the count” or some project being a “slam dunk.” here are the etymological origins of those popular sports phrases, and for the uninitiated, what they really mean.
	business sports
filmstruck, the classic movie streaming service, just got a substantially larger library of old hollywood gems for you to peruse. over 600 warner bros. films are now available, including some that have never been on a streaming service before, like casablanca, rebel without a cause, and citizen kane.
	streaming
earlier this year a bunch of classic movies got pulled from hulu because  criterion partnered up with turner classic movies to make their own subscription streaming service, filmstruck. today,  the service is finally up and running.
	streaming movies
moviepass, the almost all-you-can-watch buffet of movies on the big screen, is a pretty sweet deal at $9.95 a month. but what if i told you that deal could be even sweeter? we’re talking scoring free popcorn, guaranteeing tickets to brand new releases, and easily avoiding the most common problems. all you need is the right tricks.
	moviepass movies
the new year is almost here! if it’s anything like the rollercoaster that was 2017, you’ll need some enjoyable cinema to help you decompress after a long day of calling your local politicians. that means watching some damn good films while you’re on hold. netflix is here to serve up a variety of original content in addition to some classic cinema perfect for kicking off your 2018 resolution to watch the top 100 imdb films. just make sure you check out the shows and films netflix is dropping from its lineup before you miss out.	netflix
the holiday season can be a saccharine overload—consider the case of heiress sunny von bulow, who fell into a comatose state from which she’d never wake following a 1982 christmas celebration. authorities accused her husband claus of attempting to murder her by injecting her with insulin. claus maintained that sunny had, like so many of us during the holiday festivities, merely overindulged—in her case with an eggnog/barbiturate cocktail. one jury found claus guilty. another found him innocent. sunny died, still in a coma, in 2008. a very good movie, reversal of fortune, was made about the whole thing. it’s a much better movie than love actually, miracle on 34th street, or any other christmas movie i can think of except maybe kiss kiss, bang bang.
	
 it’s the most wonderful time of the year! netflix has announced what’s arriving (and departing) from its streaming video lineup this month, and is taking the holiday spirit pretty seriously. you’ll have an ample number of christmas-themed shows and films to choose from, as well as solid features that you can enjoy all year long (or as long as they last on netflix). with the advent of the season also comes the loss of some great cinematic works, so here’s what you should watch before they disappear.	netflix streaming_video
if you’re currently enrolled in school, spotify and hulu just announced a pretty awesome deal. the duo is offering both hulu and spotify premium together for just $4.99/per month. the verge notes that’s already the cost of spotify’s student plan, so they’re basically throwing in hulu for free.
	hulu spotify
even if you listen to spotify every day, there are tons of features you may not know about. whether you want to show off the songs you’re listening to, hide your listening activity completely, or get the most out of new additions like discover weekly, here are some great spotify features that are right under your nose.	spotify
every month, netflix messes with its lineup, adding content both familiar and novel to its streaming service, and this november is no different. netflix is bringing some beloved films and shows to its online catalog this month, along with a few netflix originals. be prepared to say goodbye to some cinematic masterpieces (depending on who you ask), along with some films that, frankly, should only be streamed as a last resort.	netflix streaming
if you missed today’s solar eclipse, fear not, there will be plenty more to come. and some that will be a lot more fun to watch. consider this your future solar eclipse planning guide.
	eclipse
i was in middle school the last time a major solar eclipse passed over my hometown. some teachers supplied us with glasses and others helped us build viewers from cereal boxes, and we went outside for the big moment. it was okay, i guess. but when i got home, my mother told me how she saw the eclipse.
	solar_eclipse
everybody wants to capture the perfect eclipse photo today, but not everybody has thousands of dollars in professional photography equipment. turns out you can take some half-way decent pics with your smartphone.
	photography eclipse
are you doing anything on monday, august 21? if not, maybe you should plan a short vacation. there will be a total solar eclipse that day, passing over the entire continental us from corvallis, or to columbia, sc. most of us will see at least some darkening, but only a 70-mile-wide strip of the country will experience a total eclipse.
	eclipse vacation
there’s a total solar eclipse happening on august 21, 2017, and for the first time in nearly a hundred years, the moon’s unabashed sun-blocking power will be visible from much of the continental u.s. (though certain locations will of course have a better vantage point than others). warning: don’t look directly at it with your naked eyes—instead, use certified eclipse glasses or the pinhole method described here.	eclipse solar_eclipse
august 21&#39;s total solar eclipse will be the first total solar eclipse in 99 years to be seen across the entire country. while it’s exciting, looking directly at an eclipse can cause permanent eye damage or blindness, according to nasa. to prepare for this, kottke put together a guide on what to buy to enjoy the eclipse without going blind, including items like solar eclipse glasses, sunscreen, pinhole viewers, and binoculars (be sure to put solar filters in front of them when you’re using them). the guide is geared towards beginners who aren’t willing to spend tons of money for fancy equipment but who are enthusiastic about seeing the eclipse. the guide also recommends buying these items as soon as possible because prices increase as we get closer to august 21.	solar_eclipse
if you&#39;re interested in solar photography you can make a diy solar filter using old cds, cardboard, glue, and tape. as long as you&#39;re not looking directly through the lens but instead using the lcd screen you don&#39;t have to worry about damaging your vision. 	photography diy solar_photography
no.
	
ios: i have never been great at managing my money. but now that i’m about to become a dad, i’ve suddenly found it imperative to know where it’s all going. yes, there are plenty of well-regarded budgeting and expense tracking apps out there, such as mint and you need a budget (ynab). my wife and i use the former for our household budget, and it’s great at what it does—allowing us to see our running spending by category, set up automatic bill payments, keep track of our incomes, and plan for savings.
	money mint you_need_a_budget expense ios
at the end of every month, you run out of cash and wonder where it all went. you decide you’re going to finally save this month. before you start cutting expenses, track what you’re spending money on to begin with.	money expenses
android: sundroid is a simple but effective tool for checking the cycles of the sun and moon based on your physical location, right from your android phone.	android
avid gamers are most likely using the digital marketplace and multiplayer matchmaking app steam to play their games library on the big screen, even if it’s just the battle royale game playerunknown’s battlegrounds. but steam and its tv-friendly streaming console steam link (favored by users who aren’t playing on their home computer or a steam machine) aren’t just useful when it comes to streaming games to other devices in your home. they’re perfect for remote desktop streaming, letting you view the desktop of your gaming machine on whatever compatible device you’re on at home.
	steam remote_desktop streaming_games
after upgrading my laptop, i spent months feeling bad that i hadn’t yet sold the old one. it sat around for months, until one day when a friend was over to work on a writing project. he hadn’t brought his computer, so i fired up the spare laptop, whisking away my guilt. that spare computer has now become a dedicated guest computer.
	
i’ve got a problem with my macbook’s poorly designed keyboard, one i know apple isn’t going to solve for me. on older macbook keyboards, the arrow keys were identical in size, with two empty spaces to the left and right of the top arrow key that provided a tactile reference point and clear delineator between full-size keys and the half-size arrow keys. on the newest macbooks, the left and right arrow keys are full-size keys, and get rid of that handy empty space.
	keyboards macbook
jack london said every writer should keep a notebook. “travel with it, eat with it, sleep with it,” london said. “lead pencil markings endure longer than memory.” it’s sage advice, but then again, jack london didn’t have google docs, microsoft word, or onenote. this week, we test the classic battle of man versus machine to see which is better for journaling.
	journaling
some of us love using technology to write, but as we highlighted yesterday, the best writing system is the one that stays out of your way. author patrick mclean discusses why, despite his love for tech, he sticks with longhand when writing.	writing
steam has more or less owned the pc gaming market for the last decade, but we finally have a decent challenger with gog galaxy. here’s how the two stack up against each other, and more importantly, what that means for pc gamers as a whole.	gaming pc_gaming steam gog gog_galaxy
it is as if you were doing work, a new browser game by impish developer pippin barr, simulates puttering around inside windows 95, clicking dialog boxes and mashing your keyboard to type out reports and emails. depending on your real job, it’s a relaxing desktop toy or a horrifying parody of your waking life. it’s a fine example of the overlooked (and previously unnamed) gaming genre of officecore.	gaming office work
we&#39;re all for productivity, but some days you just need to find a way to de-stress and relax a little bit.  unfortunately, goofing off at work makes you look bad and can get you in a lot of trouble.  here are some ways you can pass the time on a slow day and keep sauron&#39;s eye off of you.	work productivity
looking busy has a bad rap. sometimes you have to look busy so you can actually work on the things that matter. here’s how to trick others into believing you’ve got a full plate so you’ll get the breathing room to actually get things done.	busy work

	we&#39;ve all been there—one accidental email, and suddenly your entire organization is filling your inbox with angry replies. gaffes at work happen to everyone, but you can learn how to navigate the politics of your workplace to keep your cool and avoid drama.	work
people talk about work-life balance as if achieving it is the precious key to happiness. tips and tricks abound. but there are two big problems with this supposed golden ticket. first, the very phrase suggests that work isn’t part of your life, it’s separate.	work-life_balance balance work happiness

	american adults report working an average of 47 hours per week, so it&#39;s no surprise that finding time to separate life&#39;s demands is so difficult. however, integrating your work and life can be better than trying to force boundaries that are impossible to keep. here&#39;s how to do it.	work
there are two kinds of people in this world: those who enjoy tracking what they do with their time all day, and the rest of us, who’d rather watch paint dry. i used to be in the latter group...until i discovered i was doing it all wrong.	
if you love collecting virtual cats and you have android nougat, you’re in luck: google dropped a cat-collecting easter egg called android neko into the latest version of android, and while it’s not nearly as fun as neko atsume, you do get to collect cats by putting out treats.	android android_nougat google cats
your smartphone does so much that it feels impossible to get through the day on a full charge. it doesn’t have to be that way, though. android’s doze feature, introduced in marshmallow and refined in nougat, keeps battery drain low when you’re not using your phone. here’s how it works, and how to make the most of it.	android doze battery feature
google makes some amazing doodles, but every so often they go beyond a drawing. some doodles include games or an informative piece about the person or holiday they’re celebrating. now, google can give you a notification whenever there’s a cool new one.	google games
sports channels are a must-have for many television viewers, but for those who aren’t interesting in watching any sporting events, their inclusion in a television streaming plan can drive the price up. now the wall street journal reports that a few networks are in talks to launch a streaming service for non-sports watchers that will come in at $20/month or less.
	streaming
after google introduced the first chromecast two years ago, hdmi dongles quickly became one of the best cheap ways to stream the internet to your tv. now, the competition is hotter than ever. we compared the roku stick, fire tv stick, and the latest version of the chromecast to find out which one belongs in your living room.	chromecast fire_tv_stick google roku
sling tv, the new service that lets you stream espn, hgtv, and other channels is now live! you can sign up for it here. the company is offering a free 7 day trial if you&#39;re not sure you&#39;re ready to fork over some cash for it.	sling_tv
they said it would never happen, but it&#39;s here: soon, you&#39;ll be able to subscribe to a streaming version of espn (along with a few other channels) for $20 a month, no cable subscription required.	cable
as if the roku didn’t have enough channels already, there’s a decent selection of “private” channels you won’t find in the channel store. here are some of the best private channels worth checking out.	roku
in the latest episode of rick &amp; morty alternative the simpsons, guest star alison bechdel describes her famous bechdel test for films: do two female characters have at least one conversation that’s not about a man? marge immediately brings up homer, provoking bechdel’s fail animation, shown here in handy exploitable form:
	media
in tragically familiar news, a powerful man in entertainment was recently revealed to be a scumbag. harvey weinstein, who spent millions paying off women who accused him of sexual assault, was involved in hundreds of great works including project runway, pulp fiction, the english patient, and air bud. weinstein, of course, is terrible, and none of his work redeems this. the question, for some, is how to deal with a beloved work once it bears the taint of weinstein’s involvement.
	
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;m awful at taking criticism. whether it comes from other people or i&#39;m judging myself, i take constructive criticism too personally. how can i learn to handle criticism without feeling so discouraged i don&#39;t want to try to get better? 	criticism
in every organization, at some point, a worker comes along with an intolerable smell, personal space issues, lack of volume control, or one of many problems that negatively affect your work environment and are particularly awkward to confront. while there&#39;s really no way to resolve your discomfort, when it&#39;s time to tell your coworker the truth there are definitely good ways to get the job done. here&#39;s how. 	work
moviepass made waves a few months ago when they launched a new $10-a-month service that gave subscribers access to near-unlimited movies in theaters. if you thought that was crazy, now they’re offering a subscription tier for only $6.95 a month for those who are willing to pay for a year’s worth of movie-going ahead of time.
	moviepass movies theaters
moviepass’s new $10 a month price point seems to be too good to pass up. they’ve rapidly increased their subscriber base and, despite upsetting the country’s largest theater operator, it doesn’t look like anyone can do anything about it.
	moviepass
  moviepass brings the convenience of netflix to your local movie theaters: after paying a monthly fee, you can see as many movies in the theater as you want. 	movies movie_theaters
ios/android: last year, amazon dipped its toes into augmented reality with “ar view,” letting iphone owners position virtual furniture, speakers, and pretty much anything else in their own homes with the amazon app. now, the same feature is coming to android, starting with a handful of high-end phones.	amazon android augmented_reality
amazon’s fire tv streaming devices and kodi’s semi-legal media player software have been a popular combination for years. with that in mind, you may be eyeing one of those new “fire tv edition” television sets from element or westinghouse, which run the company’s tv operating system right out of the box.
	amazon kodi fire_tv
if you bought a 4k tv recently (and it’s a good time to start looking at one), you’re going to need a way to get your 4k-compatible shows onto that screen. today, we’re breaking down three of the best set-top boxes that can offer 4k (or uhd) streaming.	
there are nearly as many companies making set top boxes as there are tv shows that you swear you’re going to get around to watching one of these days. today, we’re examining three of the best: the apple tv, the nexus player, and the roku 4.	apple_tv nexus_player roku_4 roku apple set_top_boxes
4k tvs have come a long way. they used to be expensive, there was nothing to watch on them, and you could do better for less buying 1080p. that’s not the case anymore: there’s plenty to watch, new 4k panels have tons of features, and they’re affordable enough for everyone now. if you’ve been waiting, now it’s safe to start looking.	4k tv feature
you may have a 4k camera in your pocket right now without even realizing it. even if you don’t have a 4k tv to watch those videos on, you can use that camera to make even better 1080p videos right now.	4k
dear lifehacker,
4k tvs hit the market last year and lots of companies are in the process of releasing budget-conscious 4k monitors.  i like the idea of higher resolution, so is this something i can benefit from or should i just stick with the monitor i&#39;ve got?	monitors tvs 4k
who needs netflix? with home theater apps like plex and kodi, you can roll your own sweet-looking library with all the tv shows and movies you like, with none of the junk. but which software should you use? here’s how the two biggest solutions stack up against each other.	plex kodi home_theater movies tv_shows library
if you cut the cord to save money but miss your favorite cable channels, channel pear is here to help. the cloud-based streaming app offers live tv footage covering everything from msnbc and cnn to espn and cartoon network—though it’s limited to just five channels unless you’re willing to pay for the service.
	channel_pear
the latest craze among millennials is the old school tv antenna—at least according to a piece last month in the wall street journal. combined with standalone services like netflix, hulu and hbo now, adding a $20 over-the-air antenna to your arsenal makes cutting the cord easier than ever. there’s just one problem: ditching your cable box also means losing out on dvr capabilities. thankfully, there are a variety of devices and services that can help you record live tv without a cable box.
	tv cable
plex is already an awesome way to stream your media from your computer to all your devices. the newly-launched plex cloud makes it even simpler by hosting your media for you. instead of having to keep your own computer on and connected at all times, you can just upload your stuff to amazon and stream it anywhere you go. here’s how to set it all up.
	plex amazon
in its quest to become your go-to service for any all media, plex has just announced one of its biggest updates yet. now, you can use the app as a dvr to record tv shows directly to your plex server.	plex tv_shows tv dvr updates
plex is easily one of our favorite ways to stream your media between devices. sometimes, however, streaming can take a long time depending on what format your media is in. use plex’s optimize feature to solve this problem ahead of time and get smooth playback anywhere.	plex streaming
apple’s arkit for ios 11 makes it relatively easy for developers to take advantage of the company’s augmented reality features, and gives consumers the opportunity to interact with a virtual world layered over your actual environment. augmented reality games are certainly the flashiest way to demonstrate its many uses, but some of the best augmented reality apps aren’t games at all. these ar tools for ios empower you with the tools you need to establish some sense of order in your home, plan for the future (in terms of what couch you’re going to buy this spring), and get started on some home improvement projects without lifting a hammer.	augmented_reality ios_11 apps apple
moving can be fun, but packing sucks. the luster and optimism of a new home quickly diminishes when you’re busy shoving your stuff in boxes so it doesn’t break on the way. here are some tips to make it all easier.	moving boxes packing
when you change your address, you can get your mail forwarded for a little while, but eventually you’ll need to let a lot of places know the old-fashioned way. we’ve put together a list to help you remember them.	
even if you’re super organized, moving is stressful. hiring a moving company makes it a little easier, but finding reliable movers is a whole job itself. otherwise, you’re in for added headaches, broken furniture, maybe even paying more than you expected. here’s what to look for to make sure you pick the right company to help you move.
	moving
moving can be a big, time consuming headache. of course, you have options when you’re planning your move. but the more time and effort you try to save, the more it’s going to cost you. moving 101 helps you weigh these options and plan every step of your move.	moving
ios: i still think augmented-reality goggles are the future. yes, google glass was creepy and off-putting, and yes, snapchat spectacles tanked, but as i crick my neck after a morning commute spent staring down at my phone, i feel nostalgic for the promise of a heads-up display that replaces my phone’s most mundane functions. especially navigation, the most ridiculous task to accomplish by burying my head in a device. and the ios 11 app hotstepper reminds me just how fun ar navigation could be.
	ar
not everyone needs driving directions all the time, so it&#39;s nice that tuaw reminds us that if you prefer walking directions you can set apple&#39;s maps to default to them if you know where to look.	directions maps walking
google’s street view option comes in handy pretty often. you can see what a destination looks like to make sure you don’t miss it; you can check out a neighborhood before moving in. and with this tool, you can actually see an entire video of your map route, based on street view snapshots.	street_view
audible is the biggest name in audiobooks, but even if you’ve spent hundreds of hours listening, there are some tricks hidden beneath the surface. here are some of the best ways to get the most of your audible experience and even save some money in the process.
	audible audiobooks
finding time to listen to audiobooks is easy—almost as easy as it is to find great audiobooks to listen to. last week we asked for your favorites, then looked at the five best audiobook services and put them to a vote. now it&#39;s time to highlight your favorite. 	audiobooks books audio
if you’re looking for a great way to fit more books into your life, try picking up an audiobook. you can listen to it on your commute, on vacation, or just at home while you’re doing other things. or, better yet, sign up for a service that gives you access to a ton of books at once, which we’ll be exploring in this hive five roundup of amazing audiobook services—a list we created based on your nominations.	hive_five books audio
minor confession time. i have never listened to an audiobook. music? of course. podcasts? when i’m driving, definitely. but an audiobook? i’m a bit of a speed reader, and i feel like i would just get bored hearing someone narrate text—even benedict himself.	audio
google is back with yet another music streaming service. this time the company is rebranding youtube red and splitting it into two new options named youtube music and youtube premium.	google youtube youtube_music youtube_premium
google play music is an underrated music service that combines a spotify-like subscription with pandora-style radio stations and your own music library. even if you’ve used it from day one, here are some excellent features you might have overlooked.	google_play_music google play_music google_play music spotify pandora feature
last month, google introduced youtube red, a paid tier for youtube that removes ads, among other cool features. i’ve been using it ever since launch day what i thought would be a minor reduction in annoyances actually changed how i view and enjoy the internet.
	ads youtube
last week, google launched youtube music to a few cheers, a few groans, and a lot of “don’t they already have a music service?” in fact, they have several: google play music and youtube red, for starters. but don’t be fooled—they seem separate, but they actually complement one another.	google music youtube youtube_red youtube_music google_play
tired of waiting to skip ads in youtube? wish you could save youtube videos and music offline or keep playing when your mobile screen turns off? youtube red might be the subscription for you—and it includes a google play music subscription for the same price as play music alone.	youtube google videos google_play_music
the announcement of apple’s music bumpin’ homepod means you might be reconsidering which streaming service you use. to be honest, going from one to another might not be that big of a leap. most streaming services do share a variety of similarities. they work on whatever smartphone you own, usually support streaming to speakers through airplay or google cast, and its premium service lets you stream music on-demand and save it for offline listening. of course, not all music services are created equal. what might work with your sonos may not play nice with your amazon echo, and what your upcoming homepod will play isn’t exactly third-party software.
	music streaming
it’s the distant future. the world is ruled by neon lights, flying cars, and an artificial intelligence is probably about to wipe humanity off the face of the earth. at least the music is good, though.	music
not only are tabletop role-playing games like dungeons &amp; dragons and fate a blast to play, they can actually improve your life. whether you’re new to tabletop rpgs, or you’re a goblin-slaying veteran, there are plenty of tricks to make your games even more immersive and fun.
	games role-playing_games tabletop
sitting around a table with good friends is the best way to play tabletop rpgs like dungeons &amp; dragons, but that’s not always an option. if your friends have moved away, live overseas, or don’t want to brave the traffic, there’s plenty of ways to make game night happen no matter where your group is located.
	tabletop rpgs
when you hear about role-playing games like dungeons &amp; dragons, you probably picture a dimly-lit basement filled with people in silly robes rolling dice, but there&#39;s much more to it than that.  not only are role-playing games incredibly fun, but they can actually teach you skills you&#39;ll use in the real world.	games
there’s something about the sound of dice rolling, the feeling of moving pieces around a board, and the feel of cards in your hand that make board games so magical. if you can’t get enough of that experience, or can’t get a group together to play, these games are great to play on your own, whenever you want.
	board_games games
some people work or study better in silence, and silence drives other people nuts. if you like background noise, deepfocus helps you mix music with ambient sounds to help you stay focused while you work.	background_noise music work focus
when you need to focus, it helps to have the right music. music for programming is a handy little online tool with an hour-long playlist of non-vocal music designed to help you stay in the zone.	focus music
thanks to the rise of music streaming services, it’s never been easier to find new music—so why do i keep listening to the same three albums on repeat?	
ios/android: spotify works great for music sharing and third-party plugins. apple music works great for offline play. so i juggle both. it feels a bit like shared custody, but it’s a lot easier thanks to the mobile apps songshift and stamp, which efficiently move playlists from one service to the other.
	spotify apple_music stamp songshift
much to taylor swift’s chagrin, music streaming subscriptions are getting cheaper and cheaper these days. now that google has joined the ranks of the free streaming services, we decided to take a look and see which ones offer the best features. here are the key differences, and which service is best for which type of user.
	music_streaming music streaming free
so i tried to switch to apple music.
	apple_music
mac: if you’re making the jump from spotify or rdio over to apple music, you have to leave your playlists behind. we’ve seen hacky solution before for solving this problem, but move to apple music does a much better job.	mac apple_music
mac: if you’ve been using apple music, you know it’s not possible to easily import your saved music from spotify. s.t.a.m.p is an app that uses automator to make that process a little easier. 	apple_music music spotify
 it may sound too good to be true, but it&#39;s actually just as easy to sync an android phone with your mac as an iphone. even better, the majority of syncing is done in the background for you, constantly, through google.  	android iphone sync
when it comes to “read it later” services that let you save articles today to read when you have time, you only have two serious options these days: pocket and instapaper. both are great, but they’ve diverged a bit over the years and play to different strengths. let’s compare them, head-to-head.	read_it_later pocket instapaper
sometimes you want to grab someone’s spotify playlist for your apple music library, or export it to youtube. there are as many services for moving your music as there are streaming services. and you’ll get the best results by using more than one of them at once. all these apps are just a little different. some are desktop-only, some are mobile-only, and some support different second-tier streaming services. but also, they all use slightly different methods to match songs. and because spotify et al have, like, fifty different versions and remixes of any famous pop song, you can end up with a lot of false matches.
	music spotify apple_music youtube streaming
spotify is one of the most popular music streaming services out there, but most of us aren&#39;t using it to its full potential.  these little known tips can help you use spotify more efficiently and make you a digital music master.	spotify music
committed spotify users, this one’s for you: earlier today the streaming service announced a new offer wherein premium users can pay for an entire year up front at a discounted rate of $99. if you’ve been paying $9.99/month for the service, that means shelling out now will get you what works out to a discounted rate of $8.25/month, or a $20 savings over the course of the year.	spotify
for a horror soundtrack, stranger things 2 feels very... productive. the rhythmic synths don’t evoke a lovecraftian monster so much as a gently churning supercomputer. this makes for a great soundtrack to your work day. cue it up on spotify and get in the zone.
	stranger_things spotify
if you haven’t checked out netflix’s new show stranger things, seriously do it. it’s awesome. if you have, you know that the music totally makes the show. unfortunately, the synth-tastic soundtrack isn’t out, but this playlist of 80s music featured in the show is.	music stranger_things netflix
after marketing stunts that’ve included a netflix countdown clock and “strange mode” themed lyft rides, one more charming stranger things gimmick to add to the mix: tied to today’s season two release, spotify has rolled out custom playlists themed to different characters on the show, and will analyze your listening habits to select your “character profile” and playlist.	stranger_things spotify
if you’re in los angeles or philadelphia this friday and saturday, you can get a spooky start to your halloween weekend with a stranger things themed lyft. 	lyft stranger_things
netflix’s new show stranger things is one of the biggest hits of the summer (we’re big fans ourselves). here’s a neat tool that lets you communicate secret messages to all your friends from the “upside down.”	stranger_things
fact: i take a lot more lyfts than i do planes. now, however, i earn miles for doing both. in may, delta quietly announced a new partnership with lyft, where riders can earn a mile for every dollar they spend with the car-sharing service.
	lyft
lyft has recently rolled out a “shuttle” service that is in beta in san francisco and chicago. since i live in san francisco, i was able to give this service a try so you know what to expect if it comes to your city. it was much more convenient to take than a lyft line (shared ride), and the one i took was 2-3 times cheaper than a lyft, to boot.	lyft
frequent flyer miles are awesome. use them correctly and you’ll save a ton of money on traveling. but they’re not always easy to use, and getting started may seem more confusing than its worth. let’s demystify airline miles and figure out how to use them.	travel airline_miles money
most airlines have frequent flyer programs that accrue miles you can redeem for tickets. if you&#39;re a little short of miles for your ticket you can buy miles directly from the airline. you can also buy and sell miles through an online broker; a process that violates the policy of most airlines but is not illegal. (unless you&#39;re in utah) 	frequent_flyer
ifttt is an app and web service that uses if-then statements to trigger certain actions or activities in your favorite apps and devices. if you’re not familiar with ifttt, definitely check out our beginner’s guide to understand the basics. after you get a handle on it, read on for the  ifttt recipe of the week, our new series highlighting  the most useful (or just cool) ifttt recipes we can find (or create!).
	ifttt
in our new series getting it, we’ll give you all you need to know to get started with and excel at a wide range of technology, both on and offline. here, we’re arming you with everything you need to know to master the world of ifttt.
	ifttt
connecting all the webapps and services you use and making them work together for you is all the rage, but the two established services for doing so, ifttt and zapier, are now joined by a new heavyweight: microsoft flow. it’s time to compare these three powerful options to see which is the best, and for whom.
	ifttt
when you take a vacation, you get to explore a new place and get away from the daily grind. of course, vacations require a fair amount of prep work, and the super useful tool ifttt can help with that.	ifttt vacation
in our new series getting it, we’ll give you all you need to know to get started with and excel at a wide range of technology, both on and offline. here, we’re walking you through all the different ways your information is tracked online, and how to protect your data from prying eyes.	
browser cookies are one of those technical bits of web browsing that almost everyone has some awareness of. they&#39;re also probably one of the most misunderstood aspects of browsing. today we&#39;re here to clear up the confusion.	cookies web_browsing browsing
for the most part, android keeps getting better, but it’s certainly not immune to privacy concerns that plague every operating system and smartphone. and as it turns out, google  snuck a questionable feature into the operating system with a recent update. a new permission called “activity recognition” may be tracking your physical activity and sharing it with third-party apps, and there’s no easy way to stop it.	android google privacy
android: the pixel 2 comes loaded with special features beyond what you get with stock android, and now google is bringing some of those extras to older devices with android 8.1. the latest update won’t officially release until december, but you can download the first preview now without too much effort.	google pixel_2
one of the pixel 2&#39;s top features is its camera, which scored an unprecedented 98 from the camera quality testers at dxomark (11:07 am - details on dxomark’s scoring system were updated) . you’ll have to pay up to get your hands on that new hardware, but you can try some of the pixel 2&#39;s fancy new camera features right now on your current google phone.	google pixel_2
there’s a lot to love about the new pixel 2 and pixel 2 xl smartphones, from a powerful new camera to a squeezable frame that launches google assistant, but one feature that hasn’t received much attention is the phone’s calendar widget. google’s new pixel launcher (the extra software that comes on top of android 8.0 oreo) puts reminders for upcoming events right on your homescreen, which is pretty great if you’re the type of person who constantly forgets about scheduled plans and meetings.
	pixel_2 google android
google’s pixel 2 and pixel 2 xl are the company’s newest smartphones, but they don’t exactly break the mold. both run android 8.0, ditch the headphone jack in exchange for ip67 water and dust resistance, and feature an aluminum body, all table stakes among high-end android smartphones. but one cool feature inside the pixel 2 is absent from every smartphone released so far: embedded sim (also known as esim) support.	google smartphones
  if you&#39;re in the market for an unlocked iphone 5 and need to fit your existing sim card in it, you can actually cut your current sim card down to nano size at home. 	iphone iphone_5
for six glorious months a few years ago c-3po was the voice of waze on my phone. that december i drove from california to north carolina, and having my favorite droid give me directions made the whole experience a lot more pleasant. i love it when you can change the voice of digital assistants you deal with daily. sure, it’s not adding any functionality, but it can be fun to change things up every now and then. and now you can change the voice of google assistant on your android phone or google home setup.
	google_assistant google
google’s high-priced new pixelbook is loaded with impressive features, from 10-hour battery life to its sleek aluminum frame, but its biggest perk may be quick and easy access to google assistant. the artificial intelligence software is baked right into the new device, with three different ways to launch it depending on how you’re using the convertible laptop-tablet hybrid.	google google_assistant
with the handful of new smartphones, voice assistants, and accessories announced by google yesterday, it makes sense to collect a few opinions before diving in and buying whatever your favorite search engine company announces. sure, some products might look good on stage, but how do they hold up when you get your hands on them? there are surely a few reasons you’d want to drop $49 for a tiny google home, but could the $399 google home max be the voice assistant speaker for you? what about the pixel 2 xl over its smaller companion, the pixel 2? should you even consider snagging a google clips camera to record my mundane existence? well, unsurprisingly, a lot of people already have thoughts on the subject. below are the early reviews for the major new products and features announced this week:	google google_home voice_assistants
we already showed you how to get the pixel 2&#39;s new camera app and calendar widget on older android devices, but there’s another fresh feature from google that you can port over to your current phone. the pixel 2 comes with some cool new live wallpaper options, too. here’s how to get them without buying the new smartphone.
	pixel_2 google
using live wallpapers in android can certainly be a fun, interactive way to spruce up your device. unfortunately, they come at the cost of faster battery consumption. do you use them? 	android wallpaper live_wallpaper
acircuit board is a live wallpaper for android that shows you the beautiful circuit board—from the chips to the conductive traces—in all its geeky glory. if you love a good ol&#39; gadget teardown, this is your wallpaper.	android teardown
  this might just qualify as the most wonderful thing i&#39;ve seen all day: a customizable super mario live wallpaper for android devices. it works on android 2.1 (and up) and looks crazy fun. check out the video and you&#39;ll see.	android super_mario_live_wallpaper live_wallpaper wallpaper mario super_mario video
live wallpapers can be really fun and interactive, but photowall live wallpaper makes them intensely personal. it goes beyond using the pictures in your gallery and extends to facebook.	photowall_live_wallpaper live_wallpaper
tired of your boring old smartphone wallpaper? this new android app can take your current location (or any other spot on earth) and turn it into the background image on your phone. it’s available now for $1.99 on google play.
	android wallpaper
 dear lifehacker,

i read your article about chrome permissions last week, but i want to know about android app permissions. it seems like every app developer wants access to so much on my phone! do they really need all those permissions, or are they just harvesting my data? 	android permissions data
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;m a big fan of google chrome and i love using extensions. however, i&#39;ve noticed that a lot of them request permissions to access all of my data on every site. why is this? should i be worried? 	chrome google

an inquiry from quartz revealed that google’s been spying on some of its users. the search giant has been collecting location data from android smartphone owners, whether or not they have location services enabled. though android users can’t disable it, it looks like they won’t have to worry about it for much longer. 	google android
you (a fool): “reminders are for good things.” me (wise): “reminders are for bad things.”
	reminders
trello is an awesome project management tool that makes collaboration easy and, dare i say, even fun. but this visual list tool can do so much more, whether you’re organizing work projects, family chores, travel plans, or just about anything else. here are some ways to put trello to use for managing your entire life.	trello
if you’ve made resolutions, you don’t want to forget about them when the novelty of the new year has worn off. nagbot is a fun texting app that helps you stick to your goals by texting you regular reminders.	resolutions goals reminders
nothing is secret on the internet—we know this. we get facebook ads for shoes we look at on zappos and instagram ads for products we mention on facebook. the eyes and algorithms are everywhere. sometimes it’s creepy, sure. but today it’s great, because it means that everyone has a perfect, beautiful spotify playlist of the songs we loved in high school.	spotify
no matter where music comes from, it has the power to make you feel, make you think, and make you dance. if you use spotify, broadening your musical horizons is easy.	music spotify
if you need some help putting together your ultimate workout playlist, these are the songs most spotify users like to sweat it out to.
	spotify
if you like making playlists, you’re more likely to buy video games. that’s some of the data spotify collected for its new tool, spotify.me, which helps brands use people’s listening habits to predict their personality traits and better market products to them.
	spotify
pandora announced pandora premium today, the long awaited music subscription service from the streaming radio giant. like spotify, google play music, and apple music, pandora premium is $10 a month, features thousands of streaming songs, and works pretty much the same as all the other services you’re already using.
	pandora music
a new year brings new singers, musicians, composers, and rappers that will change the music scene forever. these are the artists that deserve to be in your ears this year.	music
spotify’s algorithm-generated playlists try, but they don’t always hit the mark. if you want to  mess with the recipe a bit, try out nelson, the spotify playlist generator that lets you customize what shows up on your playlist based on the kind of music (or musical elements) you enjoy.
	spotify
while the mixtape is long gone, you still might be looking for a new way to share your latest weekend mix with your coworkers, or stay connected to friends across the country by jamming out to your favorite songs together. now you can use jqbx to share playlists, vote on songs, and lend your musical taste to everyone with a spotify account.
	jqbx spotify
i love starting every morning with a daily briefing from my google home speaker (just say “hey, google good morning” and you’ll get the weather, news and any events on your calendar), but using it as an alarm clock is another story. that’s because google’s never made it easy to wake up to music instead of a wailing siren—until now.
	google_home google
i believe my dreams. say i’m dreaming about getting to the airport, or finding the room with the final exam i haven’t studied for. when an alarm goes off, i snooze it: i am on a very important mission and cannot be interrupted. that is why i need this evil, terrible alarm clock app.
	alarm_clock
 encrypted messages, fancy technology, spies use them all to communicate, but sometimes the best way to hide is in plain sight. right now, broadcasting across the airwaves around the world, are automated, anonymous shortwave am radio stations that most governments won&#39;t acknowledge even exist, much less explain. best of all, you can hear recordings from them right now, and if you have the right gear, tune in and listen yourself. 	radio shortwave am spies messages encrypted recordings
a perfectly serviceable alarm clock and timer comes with your android phone, so you might not think to download another one. that may be true, but if you’re looking for more features, more customization options, and more powerful alarms than your stock clock comes with, gentle alarm is here—and we think it’s the best. 	android alarms
ios 10&#39;s packed with a ton of features, but one of the unsung heroes is the new bedtime reminders. how-to geek walks you through setting it up and getting the most out of it.
	ios_10 ios
the echo dot’s small design makes it possible to put almost anywhere, but most of the time it will probably end up on a shelf or table (i keep mine next to the tv and hooked up to a big set of speakers). however, the best location for your mini smart speaker may actually be above your head, as illustrated by one creative kinja deals commenter.
	echo_dot
bbc announced a cool new amazon alexa skill on monday: interactive storytelling. “the inspection chamber” tells a darkly funny science fiction story, asking you questions along the way that put you in the middle of the action.	alexa
the best video game of the year might just be universal paperclips, a browser-based clicker that explores the dangers of unchecked artificial intelligence. it’s kind of like farmville, but instead of growing vegetables you’re making paperclips—and (spoiler alert) you might just end up destroying the world in the process.	universal_paperclips
artificial intelligence is infiltrating our daily lives, with applications that curate your phone pics, manage your email, and translate text from any language into another. google, facebook, apple, and microsoft are all heavily researching how to integrate ai into their major services. soon you’ll likely interact with an ai (or its output) every time you pick up your phone. should you trust it? not always.
	artificial_intelligence
google photos is getting a tweak that will automatically adjust the white balance on your photos. while this seems small, it can significantly improve your yellowish indoor shots.
	google_photos photos google
there was a day a few years ago where i received 1000 emails.
	email
if you need to translate some text, google translate will usually get you in the ballpark, but it’s not perfect. now, the company hopes to vastly improve its translations with neural learning.	google_translate google learning
when an app claims to be powered by “artificial intelligence” it feels like you’re in the future. what does that really mean, though? we’re taking a look at what buzzwords like ai, machine learning, and neural networks really mean and whether they actually help improve your apps.	machine_learning neural_networks artificial_intelligence apps
almost all of us have a predictive keyboard on our smartphone, which suggests upcoming words for super-fast typing. even so, they&#39;re not perfect, and sometimes turn up hilarious results. luckily, it&#39;s not hard to train your keyboard to understand you, once you know how it works. 	
android phones feature some pretty neat predictive text features for typing with the software keyboard, but sometimes they don&#39;t contain words you need (or they add words you don&#39;t want). here&#39;s how to edit your phone&#39;s predictive text dictionary.	android keyboard dictionary
ios (jailbroken): if you&#39;re using a third party turn-by-turn app (like our favorite, waze) on your iphone, you know how annoying it is that you can&#39;t just click on addresses and open them up in waze. this simple jailbreak hack puts turn-by-turn navigation one tap away. 	navigation iphone ios jailbreak
  checkmark is a brilliant to-do app for tasks based on your location. with three taps, you can create tasks that notify you when you get home, arrive at work, or pass by the grocery store, all so you can remember to get stuff done at the right time. 	location
in case you didn’t know, alexa can help you find that one song with those one lyrics that go sort of like “blah blah blah” or whatever.
	alexa
playing tabletop rpgs like dungeons and dragons or pathfinder thankfully doesn’t carry the same stigma it once did. that’s great because as this tedx talk explains, the game can do a lot to help you in real life.	dungeons_and_dragons rpgs
better late than never, right? microsoft is finally ready to compete in the smart speaker market after unveiling its cortana-powered version of the amazon echo earlier this year. the harman kardon invoke launched on sunday with high-quality audio and a stylish design for $199.
	microsoft amazon_echo
today, amazon announced two new alexa-enabled devices, both cheaper than the existing amazon echo: the echo dot for $89 and the amazon tap for $129. each focuses on one aspect that the original echo did well.	amazon echo amazon_echo
i love asking alexa when my next meeting is, or what my schedule might be for the day. up until now, there’s just one problem: my boyfriend can’t use the same feature because amazon required you to use the same calendar and email accounts. that’s great if you have a simple family calendar, but when you’re a household of two busy people it just doesn’t work.
	alexa amazon
you might be knee deep in organic chemistry textbooks and the cheapest ramen you can find, but that doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy the perks of toilet paper and twix bars delivered to you in a timely fashion. amazon, which already offered discounted amazon music unlimited service for college students in the past, is now discounting its prime service, as well. the new plan also lets students pay by the month, easing the burden of finding enough change in your (parent’s) couch cushions to pay for a year’s worth of the service up front.	amazon college students
the nfl officially kicked off this week. however, if you’re looking to stream the games live via amazon, you’ll have to wait a bit longer. amazon won the rights to stream thursday night football this year, beating out twitter, which streamed the games last year. amazon reportedly paid $50 million for the rights to stream 10 games. in contrast, twitter paid just $10 million to do the same last year.	football nfl
researchers at boston university studying deceased football players’ brains released new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes and long-term neurological conditions, and the results were damning.
	football
if you or your kids play outdoor sports, you know how quickly  uniforms can get covered in hard-to-remove dirt and grass stains. this trick can keep those uniforms looking their best.
	sports
it&#39;s that time of the year—when fantasy football fans take to making their draft picks. but rather than relying on blind intuition, utilizing the wisdom of crowds will put your picks above the experts almost every time.	football
amazon, a company jeff bezos invented to piss off everyone in the book industry simultaneously, likes to make books as cheap as possible. to that end, this spring they moved third-party options up to the top of the page, sometimes even listing third-party sellers as the default buying option. you might see a “new” option that’s cheaper than amazon’s actual new option. if you choose that one, here’s who misses out.
	amazon books
do you send your books onto greener pastures via the online used book market? david streitfeld of the new york times reflects on the impact the used book market has had on new book sales:	books used
information is power, and reading more enhances your knowledge and the connections your brain makes between the things you learn. even so, books cost money. your budget may not be as flexible as you&#39;d like, but even on a lean budget you can read more. here&#39;s how.	reading books
the roomba 900 series offers a clean map report, which maps your home as it vacuums, improving its movement and telling you how well it cleaned. but to get that map, according to customer service reps, you have to share it with roomba’s creator irobot. and that gives irobot permission to give—or sell—your map. which is exactly what irobot ceo colin angle plans to do, as he told reuters this week:
	roomba home
thanks to the nsa, everyone all of a sudden cares about their privacy more than they used to. but most of us aren&#39;t doing a good job of locking it down. here are just a few of the things we all tend to do that leak private information to friends, strangers, businesses, and ad companies.	privacy
google’s been making strides toward the creepy over the past few weeks. last week the company figured out how to tie real-world credit card transactions to its own advertising network to further its ad platform effectiveness. this week, google has started experimenting on some user’s search pages: they’ll take your personal data and display it next to some traditional search data with the hopes that you’ll eventually look for everything through their classic search box.	google search data
a while back we showed off a little trick to enable youtube’s secret dark mode. now, there’s an official way to opt into the new look.
	youtube dark_mode
when you’re traveling through unfamiliar territory, sometimes turn-by-turn navigation just isn’t enough. a new design update on google maps is here to help you out. 	google google_maps
my 18-month-old daughter uses youtube for two things: peppa pig and that imogen heap song that was designed to be baby crack. but the youtube kids app has another thing they want her to watch. specifically, ads...for youtube kids.
	youtube youtube_kids kids ads
twitter introduced an updated privacy policy  on wednesday that has users worried about how their private information is being tracked, stored and used. in the policy, the micro-blogging platform announced its plans to discontinue a privacy preference it previously honored,  store your cookies for a longer period of time, and change how twitter shares your private data. 
	twitter privacy
thanksgiving has come and gone and that means it’s officially safe to start celebrating christmas (or hanukkah if you’re like me). decorations go up, christmas music plays at every store, and instead of the classic beta option of writing letters to santa, you can now talk to him all month long on your smart home device. google and amazon both offer a way to chat with kris kringle through their respective smart speakers. here’s how it works.
	
the holiday season is coming to a close, and it’s time to start taking down those decorations and christmas lights. but fear knot! with just a piece of cardboard or even an old coffee can, you can organize your strands of holiday lights to avoid a tangled mess.
	christmas decorations
it’s finally december, which means you probably have about 47 holiday parties already lined up. that’s a lot to prepare for. knock the playlist off the to-do list for all of them with this holiday collection.	holiday
android: google assistant comes with more fun features than its previous counterpart. this year, google’s bringing that same approach to holiday fun. now you can ask google where santa is, or play a virtual dreidel game.	google google_assistant android santa
amazon echo has a head start when it comes to the skills and software support needed to control the rest of your smart home gadgets, but google’s competing voice-controlled speaker is quickly catching up. a recent update to the google home support site (spotted by android police) reveals how the gadget is set to make it even easier to control your other connected devices and appliances around the house.
	google_home google
google home, the search giant’s answer to amazon’s echo speaker, launched with at least one glaring omission: the ability to access and manage multiple calendars. that’s particularly surprising considering that so may people use google’s own calendar app to organize their lives, but, thankfully, the company now seems to be rolling out an overdue update.
	google google_home
it’s easy enough to add events to google calendar, and you can even do it from your email. if you use chrome, there’s another way to add events quickly directly from your address bar.	google_calendar chrome
we’ve all been using shazam for years to figure out what song is playing at our local bar. now you can get the same experience right in google. this week google added a new music lookup feature to google assistant (it’s been in google now for a bit). with it you can say “hey google, what song is this?” and get information about whatever might be playing around you.
	google_assistant google music
it seems like each iteration of ios comes with a handful of new siri tricks, and ios 8 is no different. wired points out two new siri features you might have missed: the ability to rate songs and identify them.	siri ios_8
“shazam for bird calls” is a compelling sales pitch, and a difficult technical proposition. it’s much harder for an algorithm to identify animal sounds, in all their wild pied beauty, than to recognize a specific recording of a pop song. impressively, though, several apps really can identify a bird by its song, with a little human help.
	apps
if you&#39;d like to see more wildlife of the feathered kind in your backyard but had written off attracting birds as too time-consuming, expensive, or complicated, this simple guide will help you get started without much fuss or cost.	
ios/android: maybe you’re an amateur bird watcher, or maybe you’re just puzzled by the bird sitting on your fence. a quick online search can help you identify it, but that requires researching countless options and weeding out the right ones. merlin bird finds your bird by asking you a few simple questions.	
if you have a birdhouse in your yard, you could spend days sitting around with binoculars waiting to see what cool little inhabitants come by. or you can take instructables user sebelectronique’s lead and build a raspberry pi-powered camera inside a birdhouse.	raspberry_pi
big month for netflix’s biggest shows. there’s a new season of stranger things on the 4th—the children are teens now, strange—and new comedians in cars getting coffee, captain underpants, and queer eye on the 19th. orange is the new black is orange-is-the-new-back on july 26. i’m excited for the new mockumentary frankenstein’s monster’s monster, frankenstein. this month is also your last chance to watch a lot of good movies.
	netflix movies
we’re officially entering summer blockbuster season, which means a lot of superheroes and sequels in the theaters. you could see ma or rocketman, or you could follow our indoor person’s guide to what to watch this weekend.
	
it’s may, and your cup runneth over—if not in all areas of your life, then at least the most important one: the area in which you recline on your sectional, eating pop corners while alternately watching tv and playing on your phone (some call this area the “living room”; i prefer “salon” or “parlour”). we’ve got knock down the house (wednesday), a doc about aoc’s 2018 congressional campaign. (will she win? i won’t spoil it for you!) or, if you prefer lighter fare, 1983&#39;s mr. mom stars a pre-birdman and essentially pre-pubescent michael keaton as a stay-at-home father who can’t operate a washing machine while his wife teri garr drinks a cocktail, talks on a phone, and does other things only men do.
	tv
ray romano was not kidding when he titled his very recent standup special right here, around the corner. it gives me no joy to tell you that a mere two weeks after said special dropped (if anything that ray romano produces could be said to have “dropped”), ray has come back around the corner and he’s right here, calling from inside your house—and your heart. this time, he’s co-starring with mark duplass’ mustachios in buddy-comedy-with-a-twist, paddleton (friday). the twist is mark has a terminal illness, and ray is the buddy that’s going to be his rock in this difficult time. there will be laughs and there will be tears but we’re all going to come out the other side having learned a thing or two about ourselves.
	
look, i’m not making any promises about the umbrella academy, the latest comic book-to-netflix original series (thursday). it could be terrible, but there’s something about the premise (estranged siblings with superpowers reunite after their father’s death) and the trailer, which has a sort of fairy-tale filter and vaguely wes anderson vibe (or, at least a young actor in a red and blue blazer who looks remarkably like max fischer) that makes me think it could be a delight. it was created by jeremy slater, who wrote fantastic four—which might be a strike against it—but ellen page plays one of the kids which, you have to admit, is intriguing.
	netflix
last summer netflix launched a new “smart downloads” feature on android and this week it brought the same feature to ios.
	netflix ios
downloading netflix right to your device is great—right up to the moment you run out of space and are left manually deleting every episode of queer eye to make way for the new season of nailed it. but with netflix’s latest feature, smart downloads, netflix will queue up the next episode of your favorite show while simultaneously deleting the ones you’ve already watched.
	netflix
netflix has been mysteriously quiet about the new docuseries dark tourist from new zealand journalist and filmmaker david farrier (july 20). farrier made his name in the u.s. for exploring disturbing corners of the internet—see his haunting 2016 documentary tickled and this creepy exploration of kids being exploited on youtube.
	netflix
if you’re nursing an obsession with msnbc’s lockup series, this is the week to finish state prisons: collection 1 (leaving july 15) to make room for extended stay: collection 1 (arriving july 9). 	
netflix didn’t stack its lineup with bingeable fare for the mid-week holiday, so you’ll have to content yourself with stalwarts from your queue if you’re planning to be an a/c hermit this 4th. (i’ll be  diving into mindhunter at long last.) 	netflix
the highest-grossing film of 2017,  star wars: the last jedi hits netflix on tuesday, june 26, so invite some friends over and get ready to argue passionately about whether rian johnson is a genius or a monster. if you haven’t cooled down by the weekend, you’ll get some help from two irresistible summer series returning for their second seasons on friday: both glow and nailed it! drop on june 29. the rest of the week is decent enough—only one question remains: now that westworld is done for the season, what will you watch on sunday—scooby-doo, or scooby-doo 2: monsters unleashed?
	netflix
chrome, firefox: one of the more annoying aspects of watching netflix on your laptop or desktop computer is the trailers the service likes to automatically play on your behalf. i have nothing against interesting trailers for movies or tv shows i might care about. and everyone suffers through trailers they’re not interested in at the movies—it’s just the name of the game. 	chrome firefox netflix trailers
if you’re a netflix junkie, you know the drill by now: you come home from work, kick off your shoes, decant that red you’ve been saving all week, and fire up netflix. you then spend the next 45 minutes scanning through every single movie or tv show on the service to make sure you haven’t missed anything that’s a better candidate than that which you have already scrolled past.	netflix tv
nothing kills a good netflix binge-watching session like a really long show intro or those pop-ups that ask if you are in fact still trying to watch yet another episode of that show after a few hours.
	netflix
if you have a netflix account then you’ve probably binge watched at least a show or two. but are you binge-watching the same thing your neighbors are?
	netflix
if you’re looking for something new to watch on netflix, typically the streaming service’s built-in categories do a decent job of helping you sort through your options.
	netflix
the quest to find the perfect movie on netflix can sometimes be a difficult one. better browse aims to make that process at least a tiny bit easier by sorting netflix’s content into additional categories.	netflix
to mark the 10th anniversary of its chrome browser, google is rolling out a substantial refresh of the browser, giving it a softer, rounder look and some neat new features. most of the changes in chrome version 69 are small quality-of-life tweaks, some of which are so subtle you might not even notice as part of chrome’s new design. though they may not be life-changing, here are a few things worth checking out in the new chrome experience:
	chrome google
the standard or “stable” version of google chrome offers plenty of handy customizations and quality-of-life improvements, but if you want to get the latest experimental features before anyone else, you’ll want to check out chrome canary. 	chrome google chrome_canary
chrome fans might have noticed a little change in their browsers today. assuming you’re running chrome’s latest iteration, version 68, you’ll now see a big “not secure” button in the address bar whenever you pull up a website that starts with http:// instead of https://. (for what it’s worth, i’m using chrome version 67.0.3396.99, and it pops up there, too, whenever a page has a data entry field.)
	https http web chrome browser
 this week is international fraud awareness week, and there&#39;s no better time to brush up on your skills to make sure you don&#39;t fall for online trickery designed to fleece you or convince you to give up sensitive personal information. here are some tips to stay safe. 	fraud
we&#39;ve shown you how to spot an atm skimmer, but now that debit card thieves are dealing with a savvy bunch they&#39;ve decided to step up their game. the latest technology is much harder to detect, but you can foil it pretty easily by just covering your hand when you enter your pin. 	atm
a new kind of thievery or, at least, potential for fraud is on the rise: criminals who can steal your credit card data by walking by you with electronic scanners, maybe even with their mobile phones. it&#39;s easy, however, to protect yourself. 	
dear lifehacker,
i&#39;m not a huge nerd, but everyone&#39;s talking about switching to https on facebook because it&#39;s so much better. why is it better and why should i care?	https
 roughly one year ago, a tool called firesheep introduced a lot of us to just how easily another person on the same network as you can snoop on your browsing session and even masquerade as you on sites that require a login, like, perhaps most notably, facebook. here&#39;s a closer look at how network snooping works and how to protect yourself from it. 	snooping
every week at lifehacker, we highlight four different apps and browser extensions that can do something awesome for your devices (or life): one for each platform or major browser. if you took an internet-free sabbatical or went on vacation for a week, you probably missed some gems. 	apps
windows, mac: there are plenty of apps you can use to put on a little light show in your house (or geek den) if you’ve bought into philips’ hue ecosystem. my room is full of the company’s expensive color-changing led bulbs, and i’ve checked out a few of these apps, but generally don’t need to make my room look like an exploding volcano on a regular basis. these kinds of apps are fun for parties, but not all that practical for everyday use.	philips hue
ios / android: philips has released a major update to its hue app that actually makes it worth using. and i’m not being over the top when i say that; prior to today, the hue app was a mess. it felt like it took forever to load; the user interface was challenging, to put it nicely; and it made me set off on a hunt for the best third-party apps i could use to control my fancy hue lights without the headache and stress of the official hue app.
	philips hue ios android
philips’ own hue ios and android apps are pretty straightforward tools for configuring your philips smart lights and accessories, scheduling actions to happen at certain times, and combining sensors with lights and preset scenes so you never have to touch a light switch again. but the app is limiting in terms of its customization options, and can be frustrating when it comes to expressing your colorful sense of style (or getting your lights to display the right shade of red in the evening). you could grumble about your smart lights being only somewhat intelligent, or you could spend a few bucks and get your hands on some hue-friendly apps that unlock new features, controls, and more customization options for your lights, sensors, and switches.	philips apps
i wanted dimmable lights in my apartment, but like most people, my lease won’t let me mess with the electricals. i thought i was stuck until i found the the philips hue dimmer switch. it’s cheap, gives you instant dimmable lights with little setup, and leaves the door open to cooler smart home gear in the future.	lights philips_hue philips
if you’ve ever wanted to hit a button underneath your night stand that turns off all of your lights, locks your doors, and plays your favorite 12-hour playlist of box fan sounds so you can get to sleep, you should look into getting a flic button. it’s a $35 button that connects to your smartphone and lets you trigger an unlimited number of automated actions, either on the web or in the real world.
	flic
windows: the phrase “package manager” sounds a bit ominous, but if you’re smart, you’ve already used one to outfit your windows pc with all the basics: ninite. the site couldn’t be any simpler. you pick the programs you want, it creates one installation file for everything, and double-clicking on it installs everything you selected at once.	package_manager install windows program
  windows: if there&#39;s one thing i miss about linux, it&#39;s being able to install any program in seconds with a quick command. chocolatey brings that convenience to windows, with over 300 popular programs in its database. 	windows linux
typing commands into a terminal may seem tedious, but with the right tools, the command line can be incredibly powerful. here are our favorite command line tools that do awesome things you just can&#39;t match in a gui. 	command_line terminal
your to-do list is the hub of your personal productivity, so it makes sense that we&#39;re attracted to to-do apps filled with bells, whistles, and tassels. then you realize you&#39;re spending more time fiddling with your app than getting things done. if you&#39;re tired of clicking around internet-needy webapps or getting locked into a specific to-do list service, it&#39;s time to switch to something simpler. here&#39;s why a simple text file will make your to-do lists fast, easy to manage, and seamlessly integrate with everything else you use. 	to-do_lists productivity
windows only: graphical to-do managers are great, but they often distract you from what&#39;s really important. todotxt.net manages your tasks in a plain text file, so you can spend less time managing your tasks and more time working on them.	tasks windows
vim has long been praised as one of the best text editors around, mostly for its completely mouseless navigation. however, it can be very confusing for beginners. this interactive tutorial gets you started so you can edit text files with blinding speed. 	text_editors vim text
windows only: ninite, makers of supremely convenient one-click installation tools that you can easily share, have added a new tool: an update watcher that stays on top of ninite&#39;s 92 supported apps. it provides the same no-hassle experience as their installer.	windows top
windows: if you&#39;re upgrading to windows 7 from xp, you&#39;ll spend a lot of time grabbing installers and next-next-next-clicking through setup wizards. unless you use ninite to check off the best free software and install it all at once.	installer installers windows windows_7
windows, mac: you probably have a few websites that you use all the time—perhaps a special cms you need for work, a time-tracking site you use to track and bill hours for clients, or a web game you just can’t get enough of. if you’re tired of pulling up your browser each time you need to access it, you have an alternative: transform it into an app.	browser app website
fluid is one of those old mac apps that we&#39;ve loved for a long time, but while it might be old, it&#39;s still incredibly useful. at its core, fluid&#39;s all about turning any web site into a mac app, but a lesser known feature is how you can turn any web site into a menu bar app as well.	menu_bar
chrome: sometimes, the very best hacks are the simplest. and it’s no surprise that the chrome extension simplify is one of my new favorites, because it takes all the clutter baked into gmail and thanos-snaps it into oblivion.	chrome gmail extension
chrome: not all hacks have to make you a productivity wizard. some only need to make you happy, and add a little joy (or confusion) to those you email, too. at least, that’s the best way i can think of to describe the chrome extension “suggested poems for gmail,” a brilliant little service that drops a literary bomb on google’s normal suggested autoreplies in gmail.
	gmail extension chrome email
inbox for gmail might be dead, but google is at least making an effort to make the core gmail experience better, and as of google’s most recent update to the email service, you’ll no longer have to rely on third-party chrome extensions to schedule out your messages.	gmail google email
google announced swipe gesture controls are coming to gmail ios starting today, and should be available to all ios gmail users soon. though the update doesn’t add any new commands to gmail, it makes it much easier to quickly manage your inbox by letting users customize what left or right “swipe” actions do.	ios gmail google
it’s been a year since google announced amp support would be coming to its email apps and web clients, and the rollout has finally started. (a handful of other email providers have joined the cause as well.)
	email google
despite all the convenience and quality of google’s sprawling ecosystem, some users are fed up with the fishy privacy policies the company has recently implemented in gmail, chrome, and other services. to its credit, google has made good changes in response to user feedback, but that doesn’t diminish the company’s looming shadow over the internet at large. if you’re ready to ditch google, or even just reduce its presence in your digital life, this guide is here to help. 
	google
google, one of the biggest stashers of our personal data, just updated google search—aka google-dot-com—to make it easier for you to review and edit what search data the company stores. the google search page now features a link below the search bar that will take you directly to a new data privacy hub that let’s you scroll through and delete parts of whole swaths of your search history. it also gives you easy access to “google-wide” controls, such as tracking activity on google’s sites and ad personalization.	google google_search data_privacy
facebook knows way too much about all of us, but it’s not the only company hoarding everyone’s private data. google knows just as much about us as facebook (if not more), and that should trouble you, even if that data hasn’t been used as recklessly—at least, not that we know of.	facebook google
web app/android: google maps is rolling out a new feature for android and desktop called your timeline that shows you location history in a handy timeline view. 	google_maps google location android
massively multiplayer online role-playing games (mmorpgs, mercifully) get a bad rap for being life-sucking parallel universes. however, games like world of warcraft are a microcosm of many real-life experiences. no, really.	
if you’ve logged into facebook over the past few days, you’ve probably seen a note from the social network about expanding its facial recognition features.
	facebook facial_recognition
facebook has a fake news problem. its most recent trending news misstep promoted misinformation from anonymous messageboard 4chan about the las vegas shooting. to combat the spread of fake news (and growing backlash against the company), the social network is testing out a new feature enabling users to tell the difference themselves between an article from a trustworthy publisher, and one that’s a bit more suspect than usual, by hitting a “more information” button.	facebook fake_news news
once upon a time, facebook’s messenger app was just a way to send chat message to your friends. over the years the social network has loaded the app with features like the ability send gifs, play games with your friends, or even send cash. the app has its own personal assistant, and now overtime you open it you’re also hit in the face with all your friend’s stories. it’s a lot of information, and all that information needs a decent amount of bandwidth to work and display on your phone.
	facebook app
a recent server-side update to the facebook and messenger apps caused a bug that rapidly drained users’ batteries even more than those apps usually do. fortunately, it’s been fixed, but you’ll need to restart your apps.	facebook messenger
i’m obsessed with 360 pictures. i’m that obnoxious person that likes to show my friends a huge slideshow of pictures of my latest trip. pictures can do an ok job of showing off a particular place, but 360-degree photos take on the task so much better. with a 360 photo, you can really show someone what it’s like to stand in the middle of a massive garden in paris, or on the rooftop balcony of a hotel in singapore. facebook has been allowing me to upload pictures taken with my gear 360 for a little over a year, and starting this week it added the ability for people who don’t own a 360-degree camera to create their own 360 experiences within the app as well.
	facebook 360_pictures
my mom loves me. but she also “likes” me—a lot. and apparently, when she does so on facebook, it’s hurting my chances of becoming the next viral sensation. 	facebook
your facebook news feed is about to change, yet again, and it’s because the social media giant wants you to be better informed.
	facebook
i really like using groups on facebook. i’m in a ton of different writing groups where writers swap advice, as well as a few beer groups where people swap, well, beer. one thing that has become painfully obvious across both groups: a lot of people don’t fully understand how facebook works. there are a lot of odd offenses that pop up, but the one that tends to bother me the most is when people respond to posts with just the word “following.”
	facebook
facebook overhauled its news feed yet again this year, promising to focus on “time well spent” and posts from family and friend, but a new buzzfeed article shows that the social network is as annoying as ever. the only difference is that facebook has a new way to gauge a posts popularity: comments.	facebook
if you get a text from facebook, then you probably don’t want to respond —even if your response is something along the lines of “stop texting me.”
	facebook texting
reddit has been slowly rolling out two-factor authentication for beta testers, moderators and third-party app developers for a while now before making it available to everyone over the past few days.
	reddit two-factor_authentication
in 2005, two recent college graduates launched a website with a simple idea: they would let the online community decide what was newsworthy and what wasn’t by letting them post their own links and information. they’d then allow the site’s users to vote on those posts, with the idea that the very best would rise to the top.	
android/ios: regardless of whether you love or hate reddit, it’s always been a bit odd that the site didn’t have an official app. now, it does. 	ios reddit
what&#39;s the best way to motivate someone—even a stranger—to help you out? a stanford study of the requests and responses on reddit&#39;s random acts of pizza reveals a few key strategies.	reddit
over the past three weeks, the /r/programmerhumor subreddit has reinvented the on-screen volume controller hundreds of times over. starting with one user’s sideways slider, users have created funny volume controls based on laptop screen angle, fidget spinners, battery power, latitude and longitude, and the digits of pi. you can browse them all here, but i’ve gathered some highlights. for maximum appreciation, imagine how each one sounds.	humor reddit
you’re in a quiet place, you get a phone call, and a loud ring roars out of your phone. volume scheduler is a free app that can help you out when you’ve forgotten to silence your phone or set it to vibrate.	volume
they say good design is invisible—you reach for a button and it&#39;s exactly where you need it to be, as if the app knew what you wanted to do before you realized it. an ocean of thought is put into such design decisions by user interface and product designers.	design designer
facebook, the social network used by, oh, a few billion people, is making a change to its iconic news feed. instead of being dominated by a mix of links from friends and news stories from pages you like, you’ll be seeing a lot more posts from your family and friends in an effort to strengthen personal connections with your social network and ensure the time spent on facebook is “time well spent.” for obvious reasons, many publishers and news organizations are quietly freaking out about what this means for facebook-driven traffic. but as far as your own preferences, if you still love getting news from your, uh, news feed, and want to keep seeing stories from the sites you follow, you can hold onto that by editing a few preferences.
	facebook
as facebook finally starts to shrink, it’s become pretty normal not to use it that often. if you only check it once or twice a week, you might find out that your mom tagged you in an embarrassing photo or political meme five days ago and all your friends have been piling on. here’s an idea: temporarily deactivate facebook. it’s really easy—here are facebook’s instructions—and you won’t lose any of your data.
	facebook
facebook has always had a policy of requiring users to supply their real name on the site. enforcement has been lax, but there&#39;s still a risk of getting caught. here&#39;s how to fly under the radar if you need to.	facebook policy
trying to find the best tool to get a bunch of people organized and sharing knowledge can be a pain. google groups can feel exceedingly complicated. facebook cares little about your privacy. and if you’re still using yahoo groups ... why?  instead of the big three, consider a service like groups.io, a sensible, free platform that’s incredibly easy to use.	groups yahoo google free
we talk a lot about personal productivity tools at lifehacker, but sometimes you&#39;re not the only person who needs to get things done for a project or job to be a success. whether you&#39;re trying to organize a home renovation, organize a little league team, plan a family vacation, or get everyone at the office working on the same projects and priorities, there are plenty of great tools to help. 	productivity projects
 just because the banks are having a hard time handling their money doesn&#39;t mean you have to: you just have to pick the bank offering the best type of savings account to make your money work for you. here&#39;s a look at five of the most popular banks with great high-interest savings options. 	banks savings money interest ing
 the financial sector may be struggling, but that doesn&#39;t mean you have to struggle to save for the future. interest-bearing savings accounts are a great way to make your money work for you, and this week we want to know which banks you think offer the best high-interest savings plans.	banks savings money interest savings_accounts
  if you need a new laptop, or should really start saving for your wedding or anything else, try smartypig. it&#39;s a legit online savings account, but it&#39;s focused on motivating you to save for your big purchase or event.	savings top
for all of you sitting on the edges of your seat waiting for the announcement of the 2009 green car of the year awarded by green car journal at the la auto show, you&#39;ll be happy to know it went to the 2009 volkswagen jetta tdi. the jetta tdi is a fuel economy monster registering 50 mpg returns while avoiding environmentally dubious battery packs and high gravity snobbishness. the other contestants (the 2010 ford fusion hybrid, the bmw 335d, saturn vue 2-mode hybrid, and smart fortwo) will now have to hang their headlights in shame. press release below the jump.

	la_auto_show 2009_green_car_of_the_year green_car_of_the_year jetta_tdi 2009_volkswagen_jetta_tdi 09_volkswagen_jetta_tdi tdi
facebook launched a tool yesterday that you can use to find out whether you or your friends shared information with cambridge analytica, the trump-affiliated company that harvested data from a facebook app to support the then-candidate’s efforts in the 2016 presidential election. 	facebook
most people use their facebook accounts to log into websites and apps on a regular basis, but after the company’s recent privacy scandal, it’s clear that doing so can put your personal data at risk. to its credit, facebook has made it possible to delete those logins for years, but it was always a tedious one-at-a-time process—until now.	facebook privacy
 it&#39;s not too late in the season to do a little spring cleaning, and even if you&#39;ve already tidied up your home and your tech, there may be one place you haven&#39;t cleaned up: your facebook apps and their permissions. now is as good a time as any to take a peek and make sure all of the apps that have permissions to your facebook account are apps you actually use, and not just apps that you used once a few years ago and forgot about. 	facebook spring_cleaning apps permissions
today the wall street journal listed all the data facebook can grab when you upload a photo, based on facebook’s privacy and data collection policies. the list illustrates what we’ve said before: facebook doesn’t need to spy on your through your microphone, because you already let it spy on everything else you do.
	facebook privacy
facebook updated its search feature today so you can now search for photos based on simple descriptions, like “pizza” or “dog” regardless of if they’ve been tagged.
	facebook search photos
readers offer their best tips for removing exif data from photos, using keyboard shortcuts to navigate facebook, and quickly reference your current keyboard layout.	tips
new york&#39;s dmv will implement a two-point penalty on all drivers found guilty of distracted driving this week. and yes, &quot;sexting while driving&quot; counts. we&#39;re looking at you mark sanchez. [ny1]	new_york distracted_driving
deleting your facebook account might appear to be simple, but thanks to several safeguards you have to do quite a bit more than hit the delete button and say goodbye. if you want out, here&#39;s a guide to braving the arduous road ahead.	facebook
over the past few weeks, there’s been a huge focus on paying attention to the apps you have connected to your facebook account. while that’s certainly a great idea, you shouldn’t ignore another large company that you’re also probably handing over a lot of your personal info to as well: google.
	google apps
ever since the facebook/cambridge analytica bombshell, online privacy has been on all of our minds. but it isn’t just facebook that’s tracking you. from other tech giants to most store rewards credit cards, countless companies deploy similar tactics—even your favorite (or hated) forum site, reddit.	reddit privacy
google tracks a lot of your data. if you’re comfortable with that, it can make your life a little easier. if you’re not, it can be a pain to figure out how to turn it off. fortunately, there’s one settings page where you can disable a lot of it.	google data
do not track, the feature in web browsers and web sites that asks advertisers and data miners not to track your browsing habits, is a relatively new service. it&#39;s also typically an opt-out feature. so, here&#39;s everywhere that you can enable do not track so advertisers can&#39;t snoop in on your habits.	do_not_track browsers
lunar eclipses only come around once in a blue moon (figuratively speaking, of course). later this evening,  our earth will block the sun’s light  from hitting the surface of the moon. along with its usual bright white look, our moon will also don a reddish  color for a short period of time. 
	lunar_eclipse
in march, the mountains of lake elsinore, california experienced its annual bloom of fiery-orange poppies—and instagram users flocked there, cameras and smartphones in hand, and fucked it all up.	instagram
this week, the u.s. government reopened after 35 days in shutdown limbo. its effects on our national parks have been devastating, ruining public lands and compromising the livelihood of federal workers everywhere. luckily, there are a few things you can do to help  one park that was hit especially hard.	national_parks
pollution is killing oysters in oregon. so much of new jersey is paved that its storm water has nowhere to go. and in nevada, the federal government wants to turn a mountain into a storage site for nuclear waste. you should know your state’s most pressing environmental issues before you head to the polls, and popular science has a guide to help you brush up.
	environment government
if you’re frustrated by president trump’s misinformed thoughts on climate change and other environmental issues, now you can do something to help the environment every time he makes one using the site treespond.
	trump environment climate_change
can we stop being mad at plastic straws for a minute? some folks are saying plastic straws are stupid and useless while others make the point that i’m disabled and i need these to drink. what if the fate of the ocean doesn’t hinge on plastic straws at all? because one of the largest sources of garbage plastic in the ocean is fishing waste.
	ocean garbage
 iphone/android: buying seafood responsibly is a tricky task that we thankfully have a few resources for, such as guidelines published by the wsj, a sustainable alternatives recipe webapp, and seafood seasonality charts. monteray bay aquarium&#39;s seafood watch mobile apps may be the most handy.	seafood food
earlier this year, my fiance decided to quit his heavy smoking. of course, i wanted to help, but as someone who’s never had a true addiction, i had no idea how to make it easier on him. after months of living with someone who finally kicked the habit, here’s what i’ve learned.	smoking addiction
with modern cars becoming more connected, with smarter features, hacking is a real danger. it’s rare, but it’s already happening. we’re not in the “stop your engine” world yet, but it’s easy to break into a car with keyless entry and steal everything inside without the owner ever knowing the car was unlocked.	cars feature
we are drowning the world in plastic. it washes onto our beaches, it sits entombed for centuries in landfills, it floats around the ocean in a cloud of microscopic particles twice the size of texas. most of it—75% in the u.s.—never gets recycled. recycling it still takes 10% of the energy of making new plastic—not nothing. it would be nice to use a little less in the first place.
	recycling plastic
the platypus plusbottle is a soft, flexible water bottle that when emptied, takes up almost no space. it&#39;s perfect for anything from day hikes to plane rides. 	water
a polar vortex is descending upon the midwest, making parts of it literally colder than mars. this is a potentially life-threatening weather pattern that holds particular danger for people without housing. here’s how you can help.	polar_vortex cold
if you’re thinking of donating to your local food bank, the best way isn’t to dig in your pantry for unwanted cans, or even to head to the grocery store with some coupons. what food banks and soup kitchens need most is your cold, hard cash. 	food food_banks
soup kitchens are going to be really busy on thanksgiving and the following day. not just with their usual clientele, but also with the glut of volunteers that always want to help out on those particular days. volunteering is great, but maybe take another look at your schedule.
	volunteering giving thanksgiving
volunteering is a great way to give back, but can be difficult to do if you’re focused on your own stuff. here are a few ways you can volunteer without disrupting your current lifestyle. 	volunteer volunteering
volunteering is one of those quirky little things that we all know we should probably do more often, but rarely actually take the effort to do it. however, it&#39;s not nearly as hard as you think, and if you take the time to find the right place, it&#39;s an experience that can teach you plenty of valuable skills. 	volunteer volunteering
most people use linkedin to connect with coworkers old and new, meet new people in their field, and search for jobs or networking opportunities. now, the service can help you find volunteering opportunities too, and match you up with non-profits that need your skills and can offer you valuable experience in return.	volunteering jobs non-profits linkedin
if you believe certain memes and rumors, it might sound like people on the supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap), better known under its previous name, the food stamp program, are using taxpayer dollars to buy tons of junk food and enjoy extra cash while the rest of us have to work for our money. that’s not true, though.	snap food nutrition
if you’re a low-income college student, and you’re working at least 20 hours a week or have a household dependent under 12, you might be eligible for free groceries through snap. check the usda student eligibility requirements and general snap requirements to see if you qualify. in 42 states, you can apply for snap online. (via redditor p-oonis-)	snap
when you&#39;re down on your luck, it&#39;s easy to assume that there&#39;s no help. however, there are a wide range of programs and benefits in the united states that can help get you back on your feet.	
“apps for homeless people” might sound a bit weird. but cheap smartphones, outreach programs, and youth homelessness mean that many people have a phone but no home. (as of 2011, almost two thirds of homeless youth owned a cell phone.) and in several cities, they can use mobile apps to find food, shelter, and other resources.
	homelessness homeless
this week’s roundup isn’t so much a top 10, since this isn’t ranked, and there’s way more than we can cover, but here are ten of our favorite mental health resources to keep handy for you or someone you love who may need someone to talk to, whatever the reason.	top_10 mental_health
mental illness isn’t like a sinus infection. you can’t just wait it out or take a pill to make everything go away. our brains are complex and enigmatic, and mental illness is no different. this leads to a lot of misconceptions that make recovery much harder. here are a few things you should know, whether you’re a sufferer or not.	misconceptions mental_illness
we spend a lot of time worrying about our physical health, but we sometimes neglect our mind in the process.  to maintain good mental health, you can practice &quot;emotional hygiene&quot; in the same way you practice good bodily hygiene to help maintain physical health.	mental_health emotional_hygiene
we’ve talked about how to find a great doctor and how to find a therapist or counselor, but if the thought of spending money on a therapist scares you or you know your insurance doesn’t cover it, it doesn’t mean you have to go it alone. here are some affordable ways to find someone helpful to talk to.	insurance
it is so cold it hurts for many of us humans. but what about dogs? is it safe to slip some rubber booties on norman and take him for a walk? dr. kim smyth, a staff veterinarian with pet insurance company petplan, gets questions like this every winter, so she created a chart based on an assessment scale developed at tufts university. it’s straightforward: just find the outdoor temperature, factoring in wind chill and how cold it actually feels, and then look at the size of your dog. green means it’s safe to go outside, yellow means you should be cautious, orange is dangerous, and red is potentially life-threatening.
	dogs cold winter
dogs are humans’ best friends, immeasurable bringers of joy to all around them and the only good content left on the internet. they’re also a huge strain on the environment. yes, i am here to be the total bummer to tell you that those good boys and girls and loveable fur faces have a gigantic carbon pawprint that leads to more greenhouse gasses being pumped into our air, poison washing into our waters and toxic chemicals entering our mouths. the united states is home to about 78 million pet dogs, according to the aspca, which is about one for every four americans, and all that food, waste and care can be ruff (sorry) on the planet.
	dogs environment
dogs are our friends, and they rely on us to make sure they’re healthy. some breeds are prone to specific health concerns, and this infographic breaks it down.	dogs
most dogs will happily chow down on human food, whether you give them a treat or they sneakily steal something off the counter. but some foods can be bad or even dangerous for your dog’s health. here are common foods they can eat and ones you should be cautious letting about your dog ingest.	dogs food
dog treats can get expensive, but you can create your own on the cheap with a very simple recipe that only requires two ingredients: flour and pureed baby food.	food
my best friend and life partner, tucker bordeaux iii, recently turned fourteen. while he’s thankfully in relatively good health for a man approaching 100 in dog years, he’s developed some skin issues in his old age that require me to give him a bath every few days. tucker, as you might imagine, was not pleased with this development. after many a painful attempt at giving him baths in the kitchen sink and tub on his own, i finally broke down and just put him in the shower with me one day. we were both a ton happier.	bath
a dog can be a wonderful member of the family, especially when you keep them from stinking to high heaven. this custom dog washer hooks up to your hose and sprays gentle streams of water toward your dog at all angles.	
when a dog sheds it can be a bit of a nightmare to clean up, but redditor dietcokecrack discovered that a little fabric softener goes a long way towards solving the problem: 	clean_up fabric_softener
 dogs don&#39;t have the best of boundaries and that certainly applies with skunks.  if your dog gets sprayed, you can remove the stench with a simple bit of chemistry.	dogs chemistry
stop poisoning your pets with store-bought food! roll up your sleeves and cook up rex a homemade meal from the heart instead.	pets food
all our pets want in life is a comfy bed, good food, and a solid routine. but nope, they’re at the whim of our major life decisions, and sometimes that means moving. whether you’re transporting them across the city, country, or even the world, a few simple steps can make the experience a little easier on them—and on yourself, too.	pets moving
if you want to make an omelet you’ve got to break a few eggs, and if you want a clean dog you might have to dirty up one of the walls of your shower.	
your furry friend might seem a little stressed out, but you should resist the urge to make them feel, like, super chill with pet pot products (or any of your own). there’s still too much we don’t know.
	
losing a pet feels terrible. you’re sad, scared, and desperate—you’d do anything to get your furry friend back. and that makes you the perfect target for a scam artist.
	
if you live in an area prone to wet or windy weather, flyers stapled to telephone poles don’t last very long. this trick will keep your “lost pet” flyers up longer so you have a better chance of finding your furry friend.
	flyers
you want to do everything you can to make sure your dog is safe and comfortable, and even more so in winter. you can wrap them up in booties to shield their paws or sweaters to keep their bodies warm. even if your dog is traditionally well-suited to cold temperatures, this list will help you decide if you need to buy winter gear for them.	winter dog
if you have a fenced yard and a pet, a dog door is an awesome investment. however, most of them don&#39;t do a great job of keeping the elements out of your house. the solution is a two flap door, and you can build it yourself.	
if you’re not careful out in the cold of winter, you could end up getting frostbite which can cause serious harm to your extremities or areas of exposed skin. this graphic shows you how to treat it before it gets bad.	frostbite winter cold
this week on hack your city, we got your travel advice on superman’s favorite vacation spot, niagara falls. we’ve highlighted dozens of great tips in the staff tab on the original comment thread. below are a few of our favorites.
	travel
niagara falls is one of the world’s top tourist attractions. the name applies to an american city, a canadian city, two american waterfalls and one waterfall that straddles the international border. millions of people power their homes from those waterfalls. people ride boats under them, ride barrels over them, and build ripley’s believe it or nots next to them. this week on hack your city, we want to hear when to visit, what to do on each side of the border, and how to best experience the falls themselves. (we’ll also take your hacks for nearby niagara-on-the-lake.)
	
in lifehacker’s recent guide to new york city, we asked for your best tips. we got hundreds of replies with advice and recommendations (along with many defenses of times square). we picked out the best advice from (and for) both visitors and residents.
	new_york_city new_york
“you take delight not in a city’s seven or seventy wonders, but in the answer it gives to a question of yours,” wrote italo calvino in his novel invisible cities. welcome to hack your city, lifehacker’s new series of city-specific tips—first some from us, then some from you. each city works differently, presents its own challenges, hides its own secrets. each deserves its own guide, for both visitors and residents.
	hack_your_city
the boy scouts can teach you how to survive if you’re lost in the woods. but these days, it sometimes feels more likely that you’ll get lost in a big city, which can feel just as intimidating. here’s how to get by when you need to hail a cab instead of start a fire.
	
whether you&#39;ve encountered it by visiting or living in a city, most people know of at least a few fun and free things to do.  in this post, let&#39;s focus on a major destination for travelers, new york city.  what free activities have you done in new york? 	travel free new_york
sunsets are one of the most photographed subjects on the planet, and for good reason. but because they&#39;re so photographed (and now, uploaded to instagram), sunsets have become a bit of a photographic cliche. although every sunset is unique, it can be a real challenge to capture them in a unique way.	instagram
if you&#39;re eager to start photographing the night sky, but you want to do so on a budget, it can be done—even with just a smartphone and a telescope.	
you may not have your slr camera with you, but that&#39;s no excuse not to take great fireworks shots this fourth of july. 	fourth_of_july fireworks
in this column, we always get great recommendations for bars, restaurants, and attractions. but this week montreal residents and frequent visitors also gave us great tips for interacting with locals, navigating the city, and even getting into the country from the u.s. you can read all 89 comments on the original post, or just a few highlights below.	montreal
bonjour! ha ha that’s just a little blogger joke, i can’t speak french. do i need to speak french to have fun in montreal? while you’re here—uh, what else do i need to do or not do to have fun in montreal?
	montreal
this week on hack your city, we asked for your best boston tips. you gave us great guides to museums (including one that’s free if you’re named isabella), restaurants (like a spot for “rice and a slice”), good and bad neighborhoods, how to save money on parking, and tons of favorite bars and breweries. here are the best tips from lifehacker readers.
	hack_your_city boston
if you&#39;ve ever taken a museum tour, you know that they can be pretty dull. nick gray is out to change that. as the founder of museum hack, nick and his team lead groups through new york&#39;s metropolitan museum of art in what he describes as &quot;highly interactive, subversive, fun, non-traditional museum tours.&quot; guides take guests through the met&#39;s lesser-known works, and the &quot;strangest, wildest, sexiest stories hidden throughout the museum.&quot; we caught up with the dapper mr. gray to find out what apps, gadgets, tunes, and books keep him energized and inspired. 	nick_gray
every year, for one day, almost 1,500 museums across the u.s. open their doors to visitors at no cost. but you still need tickets.	museums
hanging out at a museum is a great way to spend an afternoon. it can also be a frugal way to spend an afternoon, as many museum admission prices are cheap—or better yet, free. cheapism offers a list of cheap or free museums in every u.s. state.	museums
over a hundred museums and libraries around the world make coloring books based on their collections for the color our collections program, led by the new york academy of medicine. along with three previous annual collections, there are now 396 pdf coloring books you can print out. here are some of our favorites.
	coloring coloring_books museums
coloring can be relaxing and meditative, or a no-skills needed artistic expression. but it can also be a great way to learn something. check out these books for learning about anatomy, nature, and more while you meditate with your pencils.
	coloring books anatomy art
  limor fried (aka lady ada) not only produces and sells a lot of really interesting electronics hobby kits she also has a vast collection of educational resources including adafruit academy, the adafruit learning system, and now the lady ada&#39;s &quot;e is for electronics&quot; coloring book. 	electronics
google has been adding the insides of buildings to its google maps street view for years now, and google arts &amp; culture (the program that brought you “find your art doppelgänger”) has been collecting all kinds of art you can see on street view: museums, famous architecture, street art, and art exhibits that already closed in real life. here’s the guide to google’s virtual art collection.
	google_maps art museums street_art
google’s done more than almost any other company to bring virtual reality to the masses, from making cheap cardboard headsets to giving the public easy ways to create and share 360-degree photos. now the company is giving vr fans another way to dive in with a new tool called tour creator.	virtual_reality google
getting a virtual reality headset might make for a pretty impressive christmas present, but unless you’ve got enough computing power to use the thing, consider it a very expensive paperweight. depending on the system powering your headset, either a pc or a ps4, here’s how to get it prepped and ready for virtual reality.
	virtual_reality how_to
preorders for the oculus rift virtual reality headset are finally open to all, but you’ll need a beefy computer running windows to use it. this tool will check your system and see what you need to upgrade so you’re ready come launch in may.	virtual_reality oculus_rift windows
windows only: planning an upgrade soon? save yourself the web searches for your specs and download speccy. speccy does a quick scan of your machine and gives you a complete rundown of every piece of gear that&#39;s in your computer.	windows
windows only: cpu-z is a free utility that gives you in-depth information on your motherboard, memory, cpu, and more.	cpu motherboard windows
switching to a solid state drive, as we&#39;ve mentioned repeatedly, is one of the best upgrades you can make. because of the cost, though, you usually have to trade storage capacity for that performance boost. for the best of both worlds, install an msata ssd as the boot drive to your laptop. 	ssd
solid state drives (ssd) work a little differently than hard drive and no amount of drilling holes, degaussing, or zeroing out will actually properly secure the ssd. if you need to get rid of an ssd, you have a couple options, encrypt or shred. here’s what you need to know.
	ssd
adding more memory isn’t the performance upgrade it used to be, but how much ram is enough? techspot compared application performance on a system with 4gb, 8gb, and 16gb and concludes 16gb offers little advantage over 8gb of memory—even when programs use more than 8gb of memory.	memory ram performance
this video, from the always-great linustechtips, is perfect if you’re upgrading or building a gaming pc before the end of the year. the beginning is a straightforward rundown of which video card you should buy, and after the tldr section is over, the nitty gritty of price-to-performance comes in.	video
i moved a few weeks ago, so i had to break down and re-set up my workspace. when i did, i replaced my dual-display setup with a new 34&quot; ultrawide lg curved display. it’s had its quirks, but now i’m not sure i could ever go back. here’s why, and why it’s worked so well for me.
	ultrawide lg
windows: the new multiple desktops feature in windows 10 is as excellent as it is overdue. however, it would be nice if you could do things like give your desktop a name or see which desktop you’re currently on. this autohotkey script does just that.	windows autohotkey
few things affect our productivity as much as what we surround ourselves with. yet most of us rarely take the time to step back and really analyze our working environment. instead, we take a ‘set it and forget it’ approach to where we work.	productivity
whether you have a full time stay-at-home job or are cramming in after-hour duties, a home office is nice to have.  anyone can put a desk in a room, but if you want a great setup you need to know a few strategies to get the best setup and avoid common pitfalls that can sidetrack your productivity.	home_office home office
dear lifehacker,

my apartment is boring and i want it to be really cool, but i don&#39;t know much about interior design and i don&#39;t have very much money. what can i do to make my home look cool and not really dull? 	apartment home design art
 someday soon(ish), virtually all of your electronics will transfer data and maybe even charge wirelessly, but in the meantime, we&#39;re stuck managing cords and cables. you&#39;ll find about as many cable management solutions as stars in the sky, but somehow i don&#39;t think i&#39;ve ever posted my favorite simple cord-wrapping and -shortening technique. so here goes. 	cable_management cords
each week, we showcase what’s in other people’s everyday carry bags as well others’ workspace setups. take a look back at your favorite ones from this year.	workspace
dear lifehacker,

my workspace isn&#39;t the most spacious or open. in fact, it&#39;s downright small and clutter-prone. do you have any tips for making the most of what little desk space i have—on the cheap, of course? 	desk
shared workspaces are often tricky to keep neat looking and pulled together. this one, however, features a ton of organization—both hidden and in plain sight. the workspace not only is very functional, it&#39;s a roomy and clean-looking space for two. 	workspaces workspace
people often joke that their office is so small it feels like they are working in a closet. this well laid out and organized home office actually is in a closet.	
today&#39;s featured workspace is a great example of how, with some careful shopping and thoughtful layout, you can create an uncluttered and tidy workspace without a huge budget.	featured_workspace workspace
we&#39;ve all heard it hundreds of times: to work efficiently we have to single task. no multitasking. and yet, we let it slip. we end up eating lunch in front of the tv with our laptop open. we browse twitter and facebook whilst sending emails, and probably chatting in google+ too. if we should be focusing on just one assignment, blog post, or proposal...why the heck is it so hard to focus?	multitasking top
dear lifehacker,

i&#39;ve always heard that multiple monitors were supposed to boost your productivity, but this post on rebuilding your attention span mentions, in passing, a second monitor myth. so what&#39;s the deal? do multiple monitors boost productivity or not?	monitors multiple_monitors productivity
if you have been thinking about using your ipad as your primary computing device, you&#39;re not alone. tablet computers have become so powerful and practical that you can almost ditch your desktop and go ipad-only for day-to-day tasks, and with a few useful apps and accessories, you probably won&#39;t miss lugging that computer around. here&#39;s how i made my tablet into a productivity workhorse.	ipad
by now, everyone knows that sitting all day is damaging your body, so it’s important to move around and stay active. but how you sit between those breaks is just as important. physiotherapist joanne gough has a quick video outlining the ideal sitting posture and how to set up your workspace accordingly.	posture video
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and how you can use its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	mid-week_meditations stoic
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and how you can use its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	mid-week_meditations stoic
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and how you can use its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	mid-week_meditations stoic
feeling stressed? tired? skipping out on work might seem wrong, but according to one neuroscientist, it could end up making you more productive in the long run.
	work stress
once you recognize you’re burned out, you can pull yourself back from the ledge, but it’d be best to never get there in the first place. luckily, the signs are usually right in front of you: you just don’t want to see them, or you’re too busy actually working to recognize them. if you keep an eye out, you’ll be able to cut off burnout before it takes hold so hard you can barely get up for work.	burnout work
after working on a demanding grant application for a charity for several weeks, i was exhausted. when my boss asked me to perform simple tasks it was all i could do not to snap at her. and when my colleagues and friends asked how the new job was going, i made cynical jokes about how it was a waste of time. i didn’t know it then, but i was burnt out.
	work
most demanding careers practically guarantee stress, but if you&#39;re feeling completely exhausted, unable to concentrate, or as though you&#39;re neglecting your own well-being, you may be suffering from burnout. it&#39;s a very real condition that&#39;s easy to ignore, but you can detect and fix the problem if you know what to do. here&#39;s how. 	stress burnout
we’ve walked you through building your own computer before. in this post—which we’ll update periodically as prices and components change—we’ll walk you through the hardware we’ll need for three different system builds: a budget workstation, a powerful all-purpose pc, and an enthusiast’s system for gamers and professionals.	hardware components build system system_builds budget enthusiast




update: in september 2009, i updated our hackintosh build with a guide covering how to build a hackintosh with snow leopard, start to finish.	how_to hackintosh leopard
 update: this post is no longer maintained. for the most up-to-date hackintosh build, see our always up-to-date guide to building a hackintosh.	hackintosh
by adam pash	
by adam pash	
only a few hours after i posted about mac hardware failure the other day, my powerbook promptly died. oh, the irony.	hardware
by gina trapani	
editor: our new lifehacker faceoff tag pits software, web sites, diy projects and anything else we can think of against one another in a reader vote-driven showdown. mac users, vote in our debut faceoff now!	lifehacker_faceoff mac
by nick santilli	
you use more computers and operating systems to get your work done today than ever before. but how do you keep your files synchronized between them? plenty of os-specific tools can mirror folders, but you need something cross-platform and highly customizable. you need the 10-year-old command line file mirroring utility called rsync.	rsync command_line files
by gina trapani	
by adam pash	
mac users: access your menu bar and launch dock items from the comfort of your keyboard with the ctrl-f2 (menu bar) and ctrl-f3 (dock) shortcuts. especially handy for former windows users used to navigating menus from the keyboard using the alt key, these shortcuts have a few key differences. you can use the arrow keys to navigate if you prefer, but on the menu bar, for example, there aren&#39;t trigger letters for each item like windows menus offer. instead, just start typing the name of the menu bar item you want (for example, edit) and then hit enter once it&#39;s selected. you can then repeat this for actions within the drop-down menu. if these shortcuts don&#39;t work for you, you may either need to use ctrl-fn-f2/f3 or enable them with ctrl-f1 (or ctrl-fn-f1).
	keyboard shortcuts




click to viewa couple of weeks ago, i detailed how i built a hackintosh mac on the cheap from start to finish. the build benchmarked incredibly well, and i&#39;ve been using it as my main pc every day since. a few days ago, i decided it was time to upgrade my hackintosh to mac os x 10.5.1, the first update for leopard. here&#39;s how it works.	hackintosh leopard


click to viewon tuesday i detailed how i built a hackintosh mac from start to finish on the cheap, but one obvious question remained unanswered: how does my hackintosh stack up to the apple-built competition? to find out, i put my hackintosh, a mac pro, and a macbook pro through the paces. here&#39;s what i learned.	mac hackintosh
building a computer from scratch gives you the perfect machine for your needs, but it can be daunting the first time around. in this edition of lifehacker night school, we’ll be taking you through the buying, building, and installation process step-by-step. today, we’re going to start with a little computer hardware basics.	night_school hardware lifehacker_night_school

	building a computer from scratch gives you the perfect machine for your needs, but it can be daunting the first time around. here&#39;s our complete guide, from picking the parts, to putting it together and installing your os.	complete_guide
you&#39;ve got, what, one dvd drive on the front of your computer? you have so many empty drive bays—how embarrassing! here are a few awesome (and absurd) things you can put in those bays to add extra features to your computer. 	
water cooling is a great way to keep your computer super cool and super quiet, but it can cost a lot of money (and take lots of work). corsair&#39;s hydro series makes water cooling easy with inexpensive, maintenance-free units that take just a few minutes to install. 	cooling water_cooling
if you’re using an hp laptop, there’s a chance someone else can see everything you type. the company recently confirmed that a keylogger was installed on hundreds of its laptops after the security vulnerability was uncovered by independent researcher michael myng.	hp
hp is recalling batteries used in a variety of the company’s laptops because of fire concerns. the affected models include the hp probook, hp envy, compaq presario, and hp pavillion laptops sold between march 2013 and october 2016.
	batteries hp
the “keysweeper” is a tiny, arduino-powered wireless sniffer that captures data sent by your wireless keyboard to its receiver. that’s right—it’s a keylogger, and it doesn’t have to be plugged into your computer to work. 	wireless
if you’re going home (or staying home) for the holidays, all that downtime gives you enough hours to get a few rounds of destiny 2 in with your buddies. it’s even easier to do if you actually know how to play with them. sony gives you more than one way to add friends to your playstation 4 via services you probably already use. in addition, it alleviates the problem of managing lists of friends with long emails and gamer handles, all with a game controller. there’s a simple way to make sure you’ve got all the online friends you need to endure the holidays and maybe boost your rank in destiny 2, and it doesn’t involve sending messages to everyone you know asking for a 12-digit code or using a d-pad to spell everyone’s email address correctly.	playstation friends
one of the most entertaining aspects of a game console is the ability to play with friends. unfortunately, some major game companies make it difficult to find and add friends to your list of potential multiplayer buddies. if you’re using nintendo’s switch to interact with your gaming brethren, here’s how to get your pals onto your friends list, and deal with nintendo’s dreaded “friend code” system.	nintendo switch friends
nearly every nintendo switch owner i’ve spoken to has professed their love for the portable console. and while its slick design allows for convenient local multiplayer using the pint-sized, removable joy-con controllers attached to either side, they’re not exactly comfortable to hold. luckily, nintendo’s latest 4.00 software update for the switch lets you use one of the most beloved controllers of consoles past: the gamecube controller.	nintendo switch
inspired by games from the 2016 self-care jam (which kotaku mined for favorites), metafilter users recently named their favorite calming video games. some will be familiar, but others are deep cuts by independent developers. most aren’t for winning or losing, just exploring, interacting, and existing. none of them force you to battle other players in a tense show-down. try these out if you’re too stressed out for overwatch or plague inc.
	games video_games calm
the video above shows a peaceful hillside, with the wind blowing the trees and the soothing sounds of birds chirping. would you guess that scene is from grand theft auto 5? turns out video games have a ton of scenes perfect for ambient noise.	ambient_noise video_games
board games are a safe place to play out conflicts with your family and friends, with the understanding that once the game is over, everyone is on good terms again. that also makes them the perfect place to take out all your petty frustrations and revenge fantasies, under the guise of good fun. here’s how to destroy your opponents with dick moves that will feel like cheats, but are all sanctioned by the rule book.
	board_games games
we often use chess as a metaphor for life, business, and other competitive sports, because it&#39;s such a strategic game. coder and chess player gautam narula offers us two simple rules that sum up the psychology of chess—and, by extension, winning in other areas.	psychology chess
surely your company acquired a laser cutter for more pressing matters than creating copies of wildly popular european board games. disregard that and fire it up this weekend to craft a copy settlers of catan.	games laser
if you&#39;re looking for a way to mix things up this holiday season, the boardgame remix kit takes classic games—like monopoly and clue—and remixes them into fun new games.	games fun
the only thing better than playing games is winning them. if you want to become a master at games like battleship, connect-four, monopoly, texas hold’em, and even rock paper scissors, these data visualizations will take you there.	games battleship connect-four monopoly
when you go home friday night, do you stress about work all weekend? do you end up doing work to avoid being swamped monday morning? here’s a wild idea: make a habit of working every sunday night.
	weekend work
dear lifehacker,

i love my job and my boss. i also value what little free time i get and unfortunately it seems that almost every weekend my boss emails me something that either takes a huge chunk of my weekend or gets me stressing out over dealing with it on monday. how can i get the time off i deserve and still be respectful to my boss?	boss time_off
i often end the work week with the feeling that, although i’ve got a lot done, i’d need another whole week just to catch up. and that’s before i deal with the stuff that i’ll be facing the following week! it’s easily solved, right? work late, work the weekend, and just pull more hours. wrong. you’re probably setting yourself up for a bunch of problems down the line if you tackle it this way.	work
since taking office, president trump has made 10,000 false or misleading statements, according to a report by the washington post. 	trump
if you watch television, then chances are you also watch your fair share of political ads. when most radio, television, satellite, and cable providers air a political ad, they’re required to submit a political file to the fcc. the idea behind the forms is to allow the public the opportunity to track a station’s deals and correspondence as they pertain to political advertising. that said, when’s the last time you looked into what ads were being shown on your favorite stations? right.
	political advertising
want to work for president trump? apparently, it’ll require three signed non-disclosure agreements—and the looming threat that he’ll ruin you financially and legally if you ever choose to break it (no pressure!).
	trump president_trump
treason, the act of betraying one’s country, is a serious charge. under us law, it’s defined so narrowly and enforced so rarely that only a few dozen people have faced treason charges in our country’s history. the constitution sets out a definition of treason and states that presidents can be impeached for it, so in light of our president’s recent words and actions, it’s worth taking a close look at what counts as treason.
	treason constitution
calling members of congress is hard, especially if you have phone phobia, but it’s the most effective way to get your voice heard. civic action network is a non-partisan service that offers a solution: they’ll call congress for you.	congress
if you have phone phobia, you’re not alone. (i’m a recovering member of the club myself.) if the situation in this country is making you anxious, calling your reps is both a step toward a solution, and a way to give yourself a small amount of control over something. but you have to be able to actually make the call.
	phone
every night, my phone buzzes. “hello beth, it’s time to speak up to washington again.” sometimes i ignore it, and sometimes i dive in. meet my new buddy, resistbot.
	
making your voice heard by your government reps is now more important than ever. 5 calls shows you who to call about which issues, and even gives you a script to follow.
	government
you don’t need to wait four years before you get your next say in how the government is run. presidents get a lot of coverage, but there are also plenty of day-to-day decisions in government, both national and local, that shape our laws and lives. here’s how  you can make your voice heard before election day rolls around again.
	election government
 we all know someone who loves to talk politics but sounds like a jerk every time they do. talking about politics may be taboo for many of us but it doesn&#39;t have to be. discussing—not arguing—politics is important to broadening our horizons, cementing our opinions, or just understanding others. here&#39;s how to do it without frothing at the mouth, in an actual intelligent way. 	politics opinions how_to
every family has that one relative that can’t stop forcing their controversial political stances down everyone’s throats. you’re home for the holidays and want to get through an enjoyable meal in peace, but they just won’t stop talking about what’s ruining america. here’s how to deal with them and keep the holiday intact.	holidays how_to family
before the general election, each state has its primaries and caucuses, and today’s iowa caucus kicks off the election seasons. if you’re nodding your head like “yes, of course, the caucus,” but secretly have no idea what the heck everyone is talking about, this explainer is for you.	explainer caucus caucuses
the media is ablaze over president trump sharing classified information with russian foreign officials—but what is classified information exactly? and what happens if you disclose it? good news: you’ve been granted clearance to acquire this not-quite-top-secret knowledge.	classified information news
president trump’s campaign chairmen, paul manafort, was indicted monday morning and ordered to surrender to authorities. according to the new york times, he is charged with funneling “millions of dollars through overseas shell companies and [using] the money to buy luxury cars, real estate, antiques and expensive suits.” his associate rick gates was also charged. the times notes that this represents “a significant escalation in a special counsel investigation that has cast a shadow over mr. trump’s first year in office.”	trump paul_manafort
in general, people take jobs to make money. but if you work for the white house, you have to be prepared for the possibility that, down the road, you might eventually need to lawyer up. and that can get...expensive. like, half a million dollars expensive, according to bloomberg politics. writer shannon pettypiece reports on the tale of michael caputo, who spent four months as trump’s campaign chair and now has $30,000 in legal bills to show for it. now, legal fees might not be so crippling if you can use your campaign funds to pay them, as president trump is reportedly doing, but what if you’re a lowly administrative assistant? you could, theoretically, be forced to tap your kid’s college fund or your retirement savings.
	trump politics
 at some point, most of us will face some kind of legal threat. whether it&#39;s a traffic accident or a professional dispute, there may be times where you want to be aware of your legal rights and whether a legal challenge is warranted. in those cases, you&#39;ll want to turn to a lawyer for advice. here&#39;s how you can choose a reputable one. 	law legal
it’s a lot, right? it’s a lot. it is a firehose of news. how are we supposed to live our lives, cook a meal, uncrimp our hunched-over necks? even when i shut my computer, it still flashes its little light in the corner, ready to alert me to the horrors of the world like some kind of pulsing hellmouth.	
in another stellar win for the trump administration, today the bulletin of the atomic scientists pushed the doomsday clock forward to 2 minutes from midnight. the last time the bulletin got this grim was in 1953, after the us and ussr tested their first hydrogen bombs.
	doomsday_clock
disasters—whether in the form of natural disasters, tech emergencies, or a ripped seam in your only pair of dress pants—are all about preparedness. here are eight kits you should keep in your home to prepare yourself for the most common emergency situations you might face. 	kits emergencies emergency
been couped up in a stale office all week? grab a little fresh air, courtesy of this week&#39;s open thread. 	open_thread
  thermos bottles were designed to keep hot beverages from cooling down so workers could have a hot cup of coffee all day long. their insulating properties make thermos bottles ideal to cook foods that take a long time to prepare such as oatmeal, dried beans, and whole grain cereals. simply bring your ingredients to a boil and pour everything into the thermos and give it time to cook. 	
“it is likely that for the rest of my life i will not go a single day without thinking about donald trump at least once, which is terrifying,” demos action policy analyst sean mcelwee tweeted last december. maybe some day we’ll outlive our thoughts of trump, but for now he’s impossible to escape. and given his predilection for news-making tweets, it can even feel necessary to follow the personal twitter account of modern america’s fastest-hated president. but there are ways to follow the tweets without following @realdonaldtrump.
	twitter donald_trump
with a heated global political climate and the threat of nuclear war seeming to loom over our heads, it’s hard not to be stressed right now. but you don’t have to sit there and stare at your news feed in agony.
	nuclear_war war news
check the news and you’re  guaranteed to hear to about conflict in some part of the world. but there are a lot of weapon terms getting thrown around without explanation, and even people in the public eye are totally clueless about what these weapons do. here’s everything you need to know about the moab, tomahawk missiles, barrel bombs, chemical weapons, and more.	news weapons
new year, new set of bizarro tweets from the president: this time, he and kim jong-un are boasting about the relative size of their nuclear buttons in a pissing match so over the top it feels almost scripted. and yet, according to ian bremmer, twitter brinkmanship doesn’t even crack the top ten of things we should be worried about, globally speaking.	
impeachment isn’t just for presidents. the constitution allows other officials to be impeached, including supreme court justices. no justice of that court has been successfully removed through impeachment—yet.
	supreme_court constitution
since the new york times broke the story of harvey weinstein’s many, many years of predatory sexual behavior, the floodgates have opened. men in fields from entertainment to journalism to politics have been accused of sexual harassment and assault, taking down the unlikeable and repugnant (weinstein) to the honored and even beloved (george h.w. bush; elie wiesel).
	sexual_harassment
workplace sexual harassment affects far more women than men, but men are the ones who bear responsibility for ending it. besides, of course, not harassing women, we need to stand up for them, especially (and unfortunately) as we’re more likely to be heard and respected than the victims themselves. esquire has a guide to noticing, handling, and reporting sexual harassment, including how to escalate a complaint to a superior, hr, and even the press.
	sexual_harassment workplace
are there people who constantly criticize you, tell you that you can’t do things, make you feel bad about yourself, even yell at you? these are toxic people. dealing with them is never easy, but it’s such a difficult problem that it’s worth looking at some strategies you might consider.	people
every organization has their sexual harassers, and their identities rarely stay truly secret. somebody knows, somebody talks, but the people in a position to do something about it—bystanders, higher-ups—often figure it’s not their problem. this has to stop.
	
how you breathe can have a significant impact on your physical and emotional health. if you&#39;re about to head into a high-stress situation, or just want to calm yourself from an existing one, this technique can help you focus on better breathing while distracting you from the trouble at hand.	breathing stress health
mindfulness and meditation are well-known ways to combat anxiety and stress, but they can be hard to fit into a busy schedule. if you need a quick way to curb a stream of anxiety-inducing thoughts, try this grounding exercise that you can fit in no matter where you are.	meditation mindfulness anxiety stress
meditation has real, practical benefits for your body and mind, but there are lots of types to try. knowing the specific effects of each of these popular types of meditation can help you narrow down which ones may be best for you.	meditation
we all deal with anxiety in some form or another, whether it&#39;s when you&#39;re pulled over by the cops or about to give a speech in front of a crowd. but for some, anxiety is a much stronger, more fearsome force—one that never goes away. but what is anxiety exactly, and what&#39;s going on in your mind (and your body) when anxiety strikes? how do you cope when it takes hold? 	anxiety
the us constitution provides instructions for how to remove a president from office if they are unfit to do their job—gravely wounded, for example, or mentally unstable. the instructions were ratified as an amendment in 1967, after john f. kennedy’s assassination. until that point, the constitution just vaguely referred to the fact that a president could be removed for “inability to discharge the powers and duties of said office.”
	constitution president
if you want to contact your local congressional representative, call to action makes the whole process really simple. you just enter your address or location, and the app tells you who your representative is, where you can get a hold of them, and what you should say to get your point across.	congress
over the weekend, supreme court justice antonin scalia passed away. appointing a replacement would usually be boring. this time, it’s the last year of a democratic president’s final term, during an election, and republicans control the senate. the court is also perfectly split ideologically. this is a huge political battle. here’s what it all means.	supreme_court
you can’t jump into the mind of the person sitting across from you in an interview and know exactly what they’re looking for. but there are, fortunately, some basic qualities most hiring managers think are pretty important across the board.
	manager
looking for a job is difficult under the best of circumstances, and it gets considerably more so when you’re not prepared. optimistically, we stick with a gig for a while even if we don’t love it, neglecting to keep our resumes and other materials prepped if an opportunity comes up that we want to jump at.	resumes resume
finding a job can be hard, no matter who you are or what your background is. if you spent time away from the traditional workforce serving in the armed forces, then finding that job can potentially be even more complicated.
	
for veteran&#39;s day, a ton of restaurants and other businesses are offering free food and other services to our valued veterans and active service members.  here are some of the highlights.	free
we&#39;re always grateful to our women and men in the armed forces for keeping us safe.  our country shows its gratitude by giving some discounts to former and current members of the armed forces.  rather be shopping has compiled a list of all the discounts military families can get.	discounts shopping military
practically every day of the calendar has a &quot;holiday&quot; you can celebrate, from the &quot;polar bear plunge day&quot; on new year&#39;s day to &quot;make up your mind day&quot; on the last day of the year. as silly as some of these dedicated days are (many dreamed up by organizations and marketers), some of these are great times to score free stuff, like free food, free entertainment, and more. here&#39;s how you can celebrate with freebies all year round.	free
as a person who recently lost their job in a fairly (read: very) public way i’ve quickly had to adapt to a routine of unemployment.
	unemployment
vlc is one of the most popular media players around. it works on most platforms and can handle almost any type of file. it’s damn near perfect, but you could be getting even more out of vlc by using experimental nightly builds instead of the official version.
	vlc media_players
vlc is easily one of our favorite media players (and yours too). however, it&#39;s not just a one-trick pony. under the surface, there&#39;s a wide range of features that you might not have known it could do.	vlc feature
vlc media player does a fairly great job playing any media file on nearly any system. now it&#39;s slowly being opened up to extensions that can enrich and expand your music and movies, which you can jump ahead and grab.	extensions vlc media_player
vlc is already available for windows 10, but this newly-released “modern” beta runs on the universal windows platform. that means it’ll get some special features, including cortana support and live tiles, and it’ll be perfect for the xbox one, windows tablets, and even hololens, when it’s released.
	beta vlc windows_10
a long time ago, apple made it difficult for third-party developers to make a good media player for the iphone. thankfully, over the years they’ve loosened their restrictions, and now you can get a really solid video player with playerxtreme.
	iphone video media media_player
android: the android version of vlc received a big update today, adding in a bunch of new features, including a picture-in-picture mode for tablets, playlists for videos, and lots more.
	vlc video
if you have any control over the date or time of your job interview, you might want to consider tuesday morning. glassdoor suggests that this is an ideal time because your interviewer will be productive and alert.	job_interview time
getting fired or laid off can be a frustrating, emotional experience. you’re not sure what to do with your time, and worse, sometimes you start to question your value. volunteering gives you a productive outlet for coping with the situation.	getting_fired volunteering
it’s easy to assume most everything you find in a hotel comes at a price—especially if you’ve been burned after raiding the minibar in a desperate state of hanger.
	
over the past two years, two of my close friends have gone on three one to two-week vacations to italy. at first glance, their multiple european vacations made it look like they must have suddenly come into piles cash. as it turns out, the key was when they were traveling: during the off-season.
	travel vacation vacations
“ahh, this is it.” it’s the sigh we all want to sigh on vacation. full relaxation, total enjoyment, that pure vacationy feeling. but it may turn out that pursuing a vacation ideal—whether it’s a perfect sunset, pre-planned trip, or just the expected awe of seeing, say, the grand canyon in real life—is exactly how not to get the most out of the vacation time you have.	vacation
vacations are for unplugging, but unplugging can be hard when you carry your work around on your device in your pocket. to keep work-related emails and messages at bay, adjust your “out of office” reply. 	email unplugging vacation
the next time you&#39;re on vacation, you&#39;ll probably set up an out of office reply.  when you get back to work, you&#39;ll face a mountain of emails to deal with.  one company is allowing  employees to delete messages when they go on vacation—which isn&#39;t a bad idea.	email office vacation
it&#39;s easy to leave a short and ineffective out-of-office message, especially when you&#39;re leaving it on the eve of a vacation or a conference you&#39;re excited to attend. doing so however, just ensures more work upon your return.	office vacation
staying motivated enough to work toward our goals can be tough. the minutia of life can get in the way of our lofty dreams—which is where the non-zero method comes in. the idea is simple: do just one thing every day that help you move toward what you want to achieve. even if that’s just performing one sit up or drinking a glass of water, at least you’ll have made some progress. 	goals
  facebook recently announced that they&#39;re adding full https support for the site, to keep you protected from attacks like firesheep. the feature&#39;s finally rolling out, and here&#39;s how you can turn it on.	facebook https firesheep
chrome: when you let someone use your computer, you&#39;d probably prefer they stick to the web browser. with kiosk mode, you can (sort of) enforce that.	chrome

	os x yosemite has had a slew of issues with wi-fi, namely that connections are randomly dropping out or slowing down. if you&#39;re affected by this, developer mario ciabarra has a terminal command that&#39;ll fix the issue.	os_x_yosemite terminal
in the months since the green new deal entered the public consciousness, it has been called many things: zany. unrealistic. wildly popular.  a socialist christmas list. it has provoked strong reactions from both the right and ostensible left, and is already being regarded as a litmus test for the scrum of democrats jockeying for the 2020 nomination. below, here’s everything you need to know to get caught up on the policy proposal that’s likely to dominate headlines through the rest of the 2020 election cycle.
	the_green_new_deal
climate change used to seem like something that would confront our grandchildren—a distant concern. now, though, it’s staring us right in the face when we get up in the morning.
	climate_change climate
you’re not imagining it: there really are more sweltering-hot days in most cities than when you were growing up. a new tool from the new york times shows you exactly how your hometown’s climate has changed since you were born. 	climate
 climate change is real, and it’s impacting us far beyond just making the planet warmer. researchers and economists at the climate impact lab have created a map showing how climate change will affect different counties from now to 2099, with areas near oceans and the south being affected the most, reports npr.	climate_change
climate change is definitely happening, but it’s doing more than warming up the planet—it’s also affecting our well-being. a new report from the american psychological association explains how climate change is gradually taking a toll on our mental health.	climate_change
in addition to the obvious fire danger, all three fires are creating a substantial amount of smoke that can pose a health and safety risk to those who live nearby, even when that “nearby” in a few hundred miles from where the fire is burning. in san francisco, for instance, the smoke smell is overwhelming at points despite the fires being rather far away. those with asthma and other breathing issues have also been advised to use face masks when they go outside and limited their exposure to the smoky air.	safety
when you’re in the midst of an area fire, it’s hard to breathe, much less think. as a veteran of the devastating waldo canyon and black forest fires in colorado springs, i can attest to that. it’s been a rough year regarding wildfires in the united states and canada — and while many eyes are turned to the 10 active wildfires in central california right now, there are also large fires burning in arizona, nevada, oregon and west virginia.
	fire wildfires california
you might already have a 72-hour disaster kit or even a longer-term doomsday survival kit, but what if you&#39;re caught at work when disaster strikes? if you don&#39;t already have one, create a survival kit that will help you get home from work and keep you safe for at least 24-hours. 	kit survival
it’s a good idea to have some kind of financial buffer to help keep you in the black. the problem is, not everyone can afford it. if you’re struggling to set aside money for things like an emergency fund, start small with a change jar.	money emergency_fund change
half of house fires happen between 11 p.m. and 7 a.m., a time in which most of us would not be conscious enough to know something’s going on. this is terrifying, but there’s an easy thing you can do to help you survive: close your bedroom door before you go to bed.
	fire house_fires
after the explosion of an iphone inside an apple store, resulting in a few minor injuries, you might be wondering “oh shit, how do i stop my smartphone/laptop/robot dog from burning my house down?” instead of running for dear life, or dousing your device with spring water, here are the steps you should follow to properly extinguish a battery-related fire (and why you should save that pellegrino as a last resort).
	fire
ios: if the kid doubling as a monster wrangler in your life is hooked on catching oddly-shaped fictional animals (or if you’re addicted to the game yourself), you’d better hope they’ve got a recent phone on which to play their favorite game. pokémon go developer niantic has announced an upcoming update that will incorporate apple’s arkit, resulting in a more polished augmented reality experience, but bar devices unable to run ios 11 from playing the game. sorry, trainers.	augmented_reality pokémon ios_11
i’ve been playing hq trivia for over a month now and i still have nothing to show for it. i usually can’t make it past the 4th or 5th question (out of 12) but one time i made it all the way to the 11th round thanks to a bit of good luck and an extra life.
	hq_trivia
if you’re not already playing hq trivia you need to start right now. the free iphone app offers up live trivia twice per day where you can compete with people around the world for actual money.
	iphone hq_trivia
if you’ve ever tried to win that super big stuffed animal for your sweetheart at the ring toss and just ended up embarrassing yourself, it’s possible that you’ve long suspected that carnival games are rigged. it won’t win you any prizes, but this video explains the mechanics of exactly how you’re taken for a ride.	games
as simple as they are, carnival games can be some of the most expensive fun you can have. if you want to increase your odds of winning that giant stuffed panda bear for your sweetheart, this guide is for you.	carnival_games games
 if you&#39;ve ever watched someone make cotton candy being made at the carnival, you know it requires an incredibly fast motor to spin the machine and create the floss-like fibers of the candy. as it turns out, a standard hard drive spins even faster, and serves as a perfect base for your own diy cotton candy machine.	diy cotton_candy candy hard_drive
android: in a few short months, hq trivia has gone from a cool new app to a full-fledged phenomenon, pulling in hundreds of thousands of players multiple times per day for the chance to win some cash by answering live trivia questions. despite all that success you still can’t play without an ios device, but thankfully for all the android fans there’s already an alternative—and it’s pretty good.
	hq_trivia
setting up a new android phone means you’ll be spending more than a few minutes in the google play store, downloading apps. it also means you’ll be dealing with more than a few annoying pop-ups in the form of notifications from all these new apps. it’s easy to deal with the overwhelming amount of vibrations, dings, and dots if you know what to turn on (and off).	notifications
after months as an ios exclusive, hq trivia is finally coming to android on january 1. but you don’t have to wait that long to start playing on your android device.	hq_trivia android
every year the consumer electronics show features gadgets from manufacturers designed to both show off their technical achievements while giving consumers a glimpse of what will soon be on store shelves. whether people decide to purchase said products is another story. sure, that rollable television might be cool and up for grabs by christmastime, but here’s the tech that will actually matter in 2018.	
service dogs have an important job to do, but that doesn’t make them any less cute. if you want to say hello to or pet a service dog, follow these guidelines to greet them the right way.
	dogs service_dog
dogs are pros at making you feel better when you’ve had a bad day or you’re couch-bound while sick, and they can help other people feel the same expansive dog love with a little training. training your dog to be a therapy dog means they’ll be able bring joy to children who are stuck in the hospital, provide companionship for older folks, and comfort those with disabilities.
	dogs therapy
not everyone who owns a dog has a car—or access to ride-sharing—to get their pup around, so they turn to buses, trains, and subways. if you find yourself considering public transportation to get your dog someplace, here’s how to do so safely.
	public_transportation bus train subway
a well stocked go bag makes it easy to quickly hit the road for business or pleasure. you probably have a go bag for yourself, but consider one for your pet as well. having everything they need while you’re out will keep them happy and safe on your next trip. 	go_bag pet
you may not know it, but many airlines require a vet’s note before you fly with your pet. make sure you get one before booking your holiday travel, or find out if your airline’s pet policy requires one. a few extra minutes double checking can save you a lot of travel hassle.	travel airlines
amazon may have been first to offer a smart home display with the echo show, but google just beat its rival in one key category: privacy.
	google amazon
smart devices are becoming more and more ubiquitous. whether you’re the owner of a smart lightbulb, smart outlet, security camera, or all of the above, managing your devices can get tricky, especially if you’re amassing a collection. if you’re using a google voice assistant, though, they’re making it easy to add new smart toys to your existing home setup: one simple command that can get your voice assistant up to speed and keep your connected devices aware of one another. all you have to do is say:  “hey google, sync my devices.”	google
if you’re looking to get your own smart home system without spending a fortune, we’re here to help. in the first episode of our new video series homehackers, we go over smart home hub options and show you how to set up a water sensor.
	homehackers video home
it’s time to upgrade your simple home into a smart home, people! it’s way easier to do than you think. we’re continuing our homehackers video series by going over smart lighting, smart switches, and wireless security cameras.	homehackers smart_lighting cameras security lighting
gretchen rubin, bestselling author of the happiness project and better than before, sums up years of research in this one-minute video. there are three areas where you can best improve your own happiness: relationships, self-knowledge, and energy. above, gretchen explains why.	happiness video gretchen_rubin
everyone knows that twitter is horrible at fighting harassment, but the daily beast recently explained why, quoting anonymous former employees who blame understaffed support teams, inadequate training, and a catch-all response flowchart that doesn’t allow for common sense or individual judgment. they also revealed that reports from verified users get moved to a second, shorter work queue.
	twitter harassment
the whole point of shuffling a deck of cards is to randomize the order of them as best you can. for the best results, you need to give the deck at least seven basic rifle shuffles.	shuffling cards
nearly everyone has had run-ins with infidelity at some point, whether you were the guilt-ridden cheater, the devastated cheat-ee, or the unwitting (hopefully) third party in someone else’s affair. (and if none of these things has ever happened to you, well, must be nice!)	

	so you know the safe and discreet ways to shop for sex toys, but once you have them, caring for them and using them safely is a new challenge. some chemicals often used in them can be harmful, and keeping them clean can be difficult. there&#39;s an easy solution: use a condom with your toys.	sex_toys sex
you’ve got a butt, but (heh) the odds are that you’re probably ignoring it. your ass has the capacity to experience a jaw-dropping amount of pleasure, so it’s time to put aside any negative reactions you might have about anal explorations. whether you’re put off by the taboos, nervous about pain, or just don’t understand the appeal, we’re here to convince you why your ass is worth pampering.	anal
nope, we’re not talking about putting your penis in your lady’s asshole. we’re talking about stimulating your asshole. if you’re like many straight guys, your interest in this article just plummeted. lots of straight men are turned off by the idea of anal play (to be fair, many bi and gay men are too), and as a result are missing out on a whole world of fun. today we’re here to convince you that it’s time to stop ignoring your ass.	anal anal_play
here’s a hidden little secret that you might not have known about—or have long since forgotten. the side of each apple airpod has a double-tap control that can toggle one of several actions, including calling up siri on your iphone, pausing or resuming audio, and skipping to and from tracks.
	apple iphone
the next time you go to order pizza, or call someone to repair an appliance, make sure you aren’t getting scammed by a representative of a business that doesn’t actually exist.  	business
google maps can already route you around traffic and road closures, but now it will also be able to help you steer clear of areas affected by natural disasters. 	google_maps google natural_disasters
if you’ve been affected by either hurricane irma and hurricane harvey, you don’t want to worry about far away loved ones trying to get in touch with you, on top of everything else. here’s a way you can keep everyone abreast of your whereabouts and safety status in one simple step: put it on your outgoing voicemail message.	safety voicemail
the recent earthquakes in mexico, including a 7.1 that just decimated mexico city, are raising eyebrows in southern california, where  a “big one” has been expected for years. if you live in the los angeles area, you might want to know how safe your building is.	earthquakes
depending on where you live, earthquakes can be fairly common. they may not be the earth-shattering quakes you see in disaster movies, but it only takes a little shaking to wreck your stuff. here a few easy tips for making your home more quake-proof.	earthquakes home
earthquakes have always been a risk in places like california, but now other parts of the us are susceptible to human-caused earthquakes. this map from the united states geological survey shows where you’re at risk.
	earthquakes earth
if there’s been an earthquake in your area, you probably want to know as much about it as fast as possible. google’s making that easier by showing information about your area when you search for “earthquakes.”
	google earthquakes information search
hey there preppers! remember when we talked about doomsday prepping for non-paranoid people? about how, in these uncertain times, we should all have a well-stocked emergency kit, or in my case, an emergency cabinet? if you acquired the basics of water, food, and gear six months ago, now is the the time to open your kit and check that your supplies are still functional, edible, and potable. you don’t want to want to be mid-disaster and realize your batteries leaked corroded crusty goo all over the kind bars.
	doomsday_prepping emergency
lifehacker is the ultimate authority on optimizing every aspect of your life. do everything better.	
a few weeks ago, a fire sparked on a tiny trail on the foothills of the santa ana mountains in anaheim, california. it moved fast, and through news reports, we watched it snake its way toward our sleepy, suburban neighborhood. by evening, there were mandatory evacuations about half a mile away from us.	evacuation
storms can destroy your home and level your neighborhood, but even after they pass, flooding presents unique dangers you might not be aware of. even walking through water, it turns out, can kill you.	flooding
hurricane florence has hit the north carolina coast, already causing massive flooding in inland towns along rivers. meteorologists are anticipating that florence will linger and move further inland over the weekend, which means a lot of people are going to need rescue and relief. here’s how you can help.	hurricane_florence flooding
things are… not great now. hurricane season is clobbering the caribbean, earthquakes are plaguing mexico, the pacific northwest is on fire. understandably, you want to help, and often the best way to help is a monetary donation to a relief organization. and it seems like the best thing to do is to earmark your funds for the specific emergency you’re responding to—after all, that’s why you’re donating. but first, consider this:	
web site charity navigator evaluates charities so that you can make informed decisions on where your donations may do the most good.	charity donations
an important aspect of having well-rounded finances is charity. giving is generally accepted by many personal finance experts as an essential part of good money management. your giving, however, should be like other aspects of your financial management—an effort should be made to ensure that you are getting the best value for your dollar. 	money charity personal_finance
dear lifehacker,
i’d love to give to charity, but i don&#39;t have a lot of cash lying around. if i do get some spare money, i want to make sure it&#39;s donated responsibly. how can i get involved in a way that really helps people?	charity money
airbnb is asking hosts to open up their homes for free to people who are evacuating from hurricane florence, and to relief workers who have been deployed to the area.  	hurricane_florence airbnb
forget the milk and eggs: if your power goes out, the last thing you want is a fridge full of perishables. instead, here’s what to stock up on and how to plan ahead for a loss of power. 
	
a stockpile of non-perishable foods can get you through an emergency—whether you&#39;re preparing for a hurricane, blizzard, or the zombie apocalypse. here&#39;s a guide that outlines the best foods to stock up on for those &quot;just in case&quot; times of need. 	food emergency
the national hurricane center expects hurricane florence to cause “life-threatening, catastrophic flash flooding” when it makes landfall later this week, and now there’s a tool that gives us an idea of just how catastrophic that impact will be. 	hurricane_florence
we can’t all be pitbull, who sent his private plane to puerto rico to transport cancer patients to the mainland for care. but there are plenty of ways that regular folks can help support relief efforts on the hurricane-ravaged island.	puerto_rico
whether you’d like to get into the stranger things spirit without sacrificing your apartment security deposit, or you just miss shooting the breeze with smarterchild (rip aim), there’s a chatbot for that.
	stranger_things
you hear your favorite musical artist is coming to town, so you go to buy tickets only to find they’re already sold out. those tickets weren’t picked up by people with faster fingers than you, though, they were purchased by bots to be resold. ticketmaster’s “verified fan” program is hoping to change that.
	tickets music
ios: duolingo is one of the most popular ways to learn a new language, and today the iphone app is getting an update that adds in chat bots. these bots can help you learn a little quicker by using conversational language.
	language
there are so many language learning resources available now it can feel a bit overwhelming. rosetta stone and duolingo are two of the most popular choices, but they each have their own perks and quirks. let’s translate their key features so you can pick the right tool for your language studies.
	language language_learning learning duolingo rosetta_stone
everyone knows about santa, his elves, and his team of reindeer that bring toys to kids all over the world. however, his darker counterpart krampus has stayed hidden in the shadows, disciplining the bad children. today, we’re bringing them both into the light to compare these two long-standing christmas figures.	christmas santa krampus
whether you want to save for your kids’ college tuition, sock away enough for a down payment on a house or simply be able to retire comfortably, reaching long-term money goals can seem overwhelming.	money
 some people have serious financial problems, but that&#39;s not you. you&#39;ve got a savings account, have cleaned up your interest-bearing debt, are contributing to a 401(k), and all-around are in pretty good financial shape. so where do you go from here? what&#39;s the next step for those of us who know the basics but want to put our cash to better work? 	savings cash
you might think it’s too late to save a buck or two for those last minute gifts, or maybe that it’s too late to find cash to treat yourself while you’re buying for everyone else. well, here are some ways to find some extra scratch to make the yuletide that much brighter.	
 conventional wisdom tells us that everything gets more expensive over time and there&#39;s nothing we can do about it. that&#39;s not the case. if you feel like your paycheck has evaporated after you&#39;ve paid your cellphone bill, car insurance, the utilities, and the cable bill, here&#39;s a bill-by-bill guide to lowering your monthly expenses and keeping more cash in your pocket. 	monthly expenses
when northwest airlines laid off 60 employees earlier this month, the pink slips were accompanied by tip sheets for saving money.	saving_money money
last month my electric bill was $300. that was ridiculous. something had to be done. by using gadgets, common sense, and a constant awareness of power consumption, i&#39;ve made changes that will cut my power bill by at least a third. and that&#39;s not just temporarily—that&#39;s forever. and, i&#39;m doing it without really sacrificing anything. 	
one of lifehacker&#39;s main tasks is to help you save money. but once you&#39;ve saved money, where should you spend it in order to maximize the usefulness of your money spent—or even your happiness? to answer that, just look at what you spend your day doing, proportionally, and allocate money accordingly. i&#39;m going to call it the comfort principle.	comfort_principle money
i&#39;ll start out with as strong a recommendation on the nerdist way, written by chris hardwick, as i can give: you should buy this book. now i&#39;m going to tell you why.	the_nerdist_way nerdist
ios and android: steam&#39;s desktop apps for mac and pc are fantastic not just for playing games, but communicating via chat, organizing via steam groups and even reading news on upcoming titles. their new iphone and android apps let you do all this on your phone.	iphone steam
you need to outfit your kitchen because, well, you don’t plan on eating out or ordering takeout for the rest of your life. the good news is you don’t need special kitchen appliances, such as a food processor, stand mixer, or blender to make great food at home. the bad news is you do need certain gear. here’s a checklist to get you started.
	kitchen
if you ever search for a popular application in apple’s app store, you’ll inevitably see a bunch of copycats trying to draft on the name recognition to fool you into downloading their app. it’s usually pretty innocuous, but it can become a more pernicious problem during the holidays.
	holidays
the holiday shopping season is coming up soon and it won&#39;t be long before everyone and their mothers (especially their mothers) are trying to find the best deals on everything. here are some of the most useful tools for finding the best deals you can.	deals holiday_shopping
i’m terrible at saving money, i hate studying personal finance, and i tend to have a “carpe diem” mentality when it comes to buying the things i want. fortunately, a few automated savings apps gave me a stronger hold on my money by doing most of the hard stuff for me.
	personal_finance savings saving_money money finance automated_savings
whether you’re just learning how to code or you’re a seasoned vet, experimentation is a key part of the learning process. glitch is a free new coding site that makes that a little easier by implementing a remix and collaboration system that’s also easy to deploy as an actual app.
	coding
with holiday travel season looming and american airline companies increasingly trying to squeeze every last dollar out of passengers (and every inch of space out of planes), surely there’s a way to make flying at least somewhat more bearable. if you can’t afford a business class upgrade (because really, who can) and aren’t holding out hope for a high-speed rail system, you can—and should—make the most of the one crumb of control left to you: your choice of seat.
	travel
with an electronics ban in place for most flights coming from the middle east and north africa, and the threat of a laptop ban hanging over our heads, there’s a good chance you’ll have to check your expensive electronics with your luggage on an upcoming flight. too bad there’s nothing you can do to cover loss or damage.
	luggage electronics
life gets pretty exhausting if you’re always afraid of getting dirty. i try to remember this mantra when i fly because airplanes are so freaking filthy. research from the university of victoria suggests we’re 100 times more likely to catch a cold from air travel than “normal daily ground level experience.” here’s how to stay relatively sanitary (and sane) on planes.	air_travel travel
arming yourself with the facts is one way to deal with a fear of flying, but if it hasn’t helped, you’re boarding your flight or sitting in your seat, and you feel that familiar anxiety rising in your chest, try this meditative breathing exercise to relax a bit.	flying
i just returned from a five-day trip to paris, on a budget airline that charges a fee to bring a carry-on. i’m cheap, so that means everything had to fit in a small bag under the seat in front of me. friends, i did it. you can, too.
	carry-on
look up “the best way to pack a suitcase,” and you’ll get at least half a dozen different answers. some say you should roll your clothes, others recommend folding them, origami-like, into a bundle, while others swear by tools like packing cubes or compression bags. a recent trip gave me the opportunity to test out various packing strategies and determine the most efficient way to pack your clothes.	packing clothes suitcase
most people know that rolling t-shirts is the most efficient way to pack them into a suitcase, but not all shirt rolls are created equal. for a truly tight suitcase, you should master the military-style roll.	suitcase shirts
the new york times asked flight attendants how they manage to pack over 40 garments in one suitcase, and it all boils down to one trick: roll your clothes to save space and avoid wrinkles.	clothes
each week we take a peek inside the bags, briefcases, and backpacks of others. let’s take a look back at some of this years most popular satchels.	backpack
if there’s one thing that’s more frustrating than ridiculously long security lines at the airport, it’s the airline losing your checked bag. there’s no guarantee that it won’t ever happen, so the points guy suggests only checking in a bag that you can afford to lose.
	
flying is a pretty cool experience—you’re sitting 35,000 feet up in the air after all—but it can also be tiring, uncomfortable, and dirty. in a recent reddit thread, flight attendants revealed some of the less glamorous aspects of flying.
	flying
ear pain caused by air pressure changes is an unfortunate side effect of flying. this physician-recommended method for relieving that pain is simple and more comfortable than some of the alternative methods out there.	flying
reminding you of your friends’ birthdays, showing  you which of your relatives is racist, meddling in global  geopolitics... truly there is nothing facebook can’t do. the next step in  their quest to monopolize your attention: food delivery.
	facebook delivery
you probably think you know how to keep your internet habits secret. “clearing browser history is too obvious,” you say. “i just do all my sketchy stuff in an incognito window!” okay, hot stuff, then let me ask you this: you ever search anything weird on instagram? got any visits to an ex’s twitter profile that you might not want to share with the next friend or loved one who grabs your phone? “i’ve gotta show you this adorable japanese puppy’s account... why do your recent searches look like armie hammer’s?”
	instagram twitter
from addiction to anxiety to bullying, technology and social media get a bad rap at times for their negative impact on mental health, but those same tools can also be wielded to help those in need.	mental_health social_media
krav maga is a hand-to-hand combat system developed for the military in israel. the moves are efficient and can help you defend yourself against a variety of attacks.	
free drinks always make a night out better, but you don’t have to cozy up to the bartender to get them. instead, use these simple bar bets to pull one over on your friends (or other bar goers) and win yourself a free drink or two.
	drinks bets
if cheesy laugh-track sitcoms have taught us anything, it’s that the bar isn’t just a place to get drunk. the community you build by being a regular at a bar can be valuable for improving your own life.	community
even if you’re confident what you’re saying, filler words like “um” can creep in and make you sound unsure. if you want to get a handle on them, this quick reference chart has a ton of handy tips.	words filler_words
the way you speak has a big impact on how others perceive you. if you talk too slow you might be seen as less truthful and if you talk high-pitched you may seem nervous. psychology today suggests one way to correct for your natural tone and come across as credible is to use expressive speech.	speech
if you’re trying to learn an accent for an acting role, understand an esl speaker, or just hear some funny british accents, the internet has a vast wealth of recordings of english spoken in every dialect. you can google any accent and find a relevant youtube video, but you might want some more quality control, or to specifically hear less camera-conscious speakers.
	accents acting
confidence seems like an elusive quality that some people just have and others don’t. the truth is, anyone can work on and  boost their confidence, but it doesn’t happen overnight. this ted-ed video explains where confidence comes from and three tips to feel more confident about yourself.	confidence
confidence is a vitally important personality trait, but you might worry that acting more confident could come off as arrogant. fortunately, there are distinct indicators that distinguish the former from the latter.	confidence personality
hiring managers size you up in a lot of different ways during an interview, including how you physically present yourself. a recent nationwide survey of over 2,500 hiring and human resource managers found these body language mistakes hurt your chance of landing the job the most.	job body_language
npr’s reporters don’t all have perfect, radio-smooth voices, but they all sound natural and confident on air. in this video, vocal coach jessica hansen gives you three npr-approved exercises to help you speak into a microphone while sounding more like yourself.	voice radio
you&#39;d think talking would be one of those things we&#39;ve mastered by the time we&#39;re adults. yet we haven&#39;t even got breathing properly down. if you&#39;re trying to make your voice sound better and project more, start by finding your voice&#39;s &quot;mask.&quot;	voice
you might think it would be easier to show off your intelligence with writing, but research suggests the sound of your voice is actually better at making you seem smarter and your ideas stronger.	intelligence ideas smarter
if you’ve ever heard your own voice played back on a recording and thought “do i really sound like that?” you’re not alone. most of us at least cringe when we hear how we sound to others, and the science of us explains why, and what it says about us.	science sound
when i was in college, i got a job as a dj for our campus radio station. over christmas break they played back old shows to fill the time, and one morning i managed to actually tune into myself on the radio. it took me a few moments to realize that the person talking was me, and my first thought was a surprised “oh no, do i really sound like that?”
	
web site fsi language courses scans and rips the foreign language courses created by the foreign services institute (the main training facility for american foreign service officers and personnel), making them available for free in electronic format.	language
it’s summertime and wanderlust is coming for us all. it’s important that you get out there and see the world, but it’s equally important that your phone is as ready for your travels as you are. after you’ve thrown a dart on the map and purchased your plane ticket, try these tips to make sure you’re not burning through your smartphone’s battery—or data plan—while away.	travel data
no matter how you slice it, keeping some extra battery power on your person can do wonders to affect how you move through the world. if you’d like to take some concentrated electricity around for emergencies, you’ve got two options:
	
reading might be fundamental, but that doesn’t mean we read as often as we should. everyone has at least one stack of books they stare at sheepishly, knowing they haven’t been read or cracked one open in months, even years.
	books reading
whether you’re trying to keep to a strict calorie count, or  just get a handle on what kind of nutrients you’re taking in, a good food logging app is a must. myfitnesspal and lose it are two of the app stores’ most popular, and they’re your favorites too. let’s see how they stack up. 	fitness food myfitnesspal
 more than a few studies have shown that people who actually keep track of what they eat on paper, in an app, or in some other record, have better success at losing weight, managing their diet, controlling their portions, and sticking to healthy habits. 	diet health weight studies
for whatever reason, people love to quit apps on their iphone in hopes of improving battery life. we’ve pointed out before that this doesn’t work, but 9to5mac has a supposed email from apple’s own craig federighi confirming it.
	battery_life
starting today, netflix will let you download select shows so that you can watch offline. that means you can queue up your favorite shows to watch while you’re traveling or don’t want to use up your data plan.
	netflix
if you&#39;re a spotify premium subscriber, you probably know that you can sync individual playlists for offline listening. as of today, you can sync your entire library in one tap.	spotify
android/iphone: google’s rolling out big updates for google translate apps on android and ios. most notably, the ios version now supports an offline mode, but android also gets a handy new tap to translate button.	google
i already know i’m addicted to my smartphone, and if you’ve ever absentmindedly reached into your pocket and switched on the screen without realizing it, you’re probably just as hooked as i am. these devices have become so ingrained into our lives that it’s hard to tell how often we check them, but a new android app lets you dig into the data to see exactly how much time (and battery life) you’re wasting on a daily basis.
	battery_life android
love them or hate them, batteries power everything you hold dear, or at least everything inside your phone. you might have a brand new iphone with a fully charged battery or a dying iphone 6, whose battery is so degraded it requires a replacement from apple (at least it’s discounted). sure, all batteries degrade eventually, but you can take some preventative steps to keep them in good health for as long as possible.	batteries
there’s nothing good about running out of juice when you’re trying to get stuff done, and being unable to find a plug to recharge your battery in the meantime. if you work on the go at all, here are some easy tips to extend the life of your laptop’s battery, both in a pinch and before you leave the house.	battery laptop
window weblog 7tutorials has done another round of their web browser battery usage tests, and the results are pretty much the same as usual: internet explorer keeps your computer running longer.	internet_explorer
we regularly test the four most popular browsers for speed, but what about battery life? if you’re on a laptop, an extra 20 minutes can make a pretty big difference. weblog 7tutorials did a battery life test of each browser, and found that internet explorer was the most likely to give you a noticeable battery boost. [jump]	battery_life battery internet_explorer top
we&#39;ve all been there before: you&#39;re out with your laptop, engrossed in your work, when your laptop gives you the ever-dreaded battery warning. if you&#39;d rather your laptop warn you a little sooner, you can tweak the alerts to happen sooner, later, and even take different actions when your battery reaches a certain point. here&#39;s how. 	top
apple’s upcoming ios 11.3 update is bringing a few improvements to its augmented reality software, some new animoji, and, luckily, more granular control over your iphone’s performance.  you’ll be able to choose for yourself whether or not you want to decrease the performance of your iphone for the sake of boosting your battery life, overriding apple’s previous and controversial decision to slow down iphones with degraded batteries, all without the user’s knowledge.	iphone ios_11 battery_life batteries apple
worried about protecting yourself from the security exploit that is spectre? well if you already downloaded intel’s update patching the flaw, be prepared to download another one soon. intel’s software fix is the cause of some random rebooting issues users are running into, and the company is urging consumers and manufacturers to hold off on distributing the current update until the update is, uh, updated.	intel security spectre
the rise of cryptocurrencies has made a lot of people rich, but it’s also helped create a new breed of hackers and scammers determined to take advantage of the technology. 	
just like your friend from college who won’t stop posting about it on facebook, kodak is really into cryptocurrencies. during ces 2018, the company announced a two-pronged blockchain strategy: 1) its own cryptocurrency called kodakcoin designed to improve image rights for photographers and 2) a bitcoin mining scheme called kashminer where customers can rent equipment and allegedly make money over a two-year period.
	bitcoin cryptocurrency
remembering things, like names, dates, and other fine details is a skill—one that you can sharpen and hone. here are ten memory boosting techniques everyone can learn.	memory
we all do it: we meet people, we forget their names, and then when we see them again, we say apologetically, &quot;i&#39;m sorry, i&#39;m terrible with names? what&#39;s yours again?&quot; except it seems the truth may be that we aren&#39;t terrible with names—we just don&#39;t care enough to remember them. ouch.	names
if you’re tired of misplacing your keys around the house, this explosive memory trick will help you remember. all you need is a little imagination.	memory keys
if you need help jogging your memory, you might try your hand at drawing. a recent study found that we remember items better when we draw them rather than write them down.	memory drawing
finding a great place to host and share your photos on the web is a tricky business. there are tons of options, all with great features, and many of them free. last week we asked for your favorites, then looked at the five best image hosting sites. now we&#39;re back to crown your favorite. 	photos hosting image_hosting

	taking photos and uploading them to the web has never been easier. the best sites to store those photos keep them backed up, make them easy to share, showcase them in good-looking galleries, and offer you tons of space and editing tools. this week, we&#39;re looking at five of the best image hosting sites, based on your nominations.	photos hosting image_hosting
sure, event photographers are great, but what about all those pictures your wedding and party guests are taking on their smartphones? tracking down all those great images can be a huge pain after the event, but it doesn’t have to be. if you get your guests to download this app first, you’ll get all their photos instantly, and everyone can still snap pictures using the regular camera app on their iphone or android device.
	download_this app photos
between picking a venue, finding a caterer and making sure invitations get sent out, planning a wedding is exhausting, even if your wedding is relatively low-key. luckily, there are plenty of tools, apps, and websites that make it easier to keep up, and help you do your research at home or on the go.	wedding
between the life-changing proposal and the tear-jerking &quot;i do&#39;s,&quot; there&#39;s the unique stress known as wedding planning. even if your big day is a year or more out, many things might will trip you up. as someone who&#39;s been there and lived to tell the tale, these are the things i wish i had known in advance before my wedding day.	planning
ever since i got engaged, planning my wedding has been a financial challenge—especially since i’m both a sentimental and thrifty person. on the one hand, i think: it’s a special day—the one moment in my life when i’ll be surrounded by all of my dearest family members and friends. so why not splurge? but i also think: i don’t have a huge income.	
after rising from under $1,000 to almost $20,000 in the past year, bitcoin crashed spectacularly this morning, dropping to as low as $11,000 per bitcoin before rebounding to a little over $13,000. the news has plenty of cryptocurrency investors spooked. it even knocked popular digital currency exchange coinbase offline temporarily due to an increase in activity.
	bitcoin cryptocurrency
if you’ve been tempted to get in on the blockchain currency racket, first read tech writer mark frauenfelder’s story of losing access to $30,000 in bitcoin. ask yourself if you could handle the stress of trying to guess a seven-digit pin, knowing that every time you guessed wrong, your money would get locked away for hours, then days, then years. ask yourself what you’d do if your investment paid off tenfold, only to disappear in a fire.
	bitcoin money
it seems like every few months we hear what’s basically the same story about someone who bought a bunch of bitcoin but lost access to it once the cryptocurrency became really valuable. the latest, from engadget, tells the tale of a reporter who managed to salvage $200,000 in bitcoin after traveling to hong kong and getting extremely lucky.	bitcoin cryptocurrency
so you’re ready to buy some cryptocurrency. maybe you’ve been reading up on blockchain technology and you’re convinced it really is the future. or maybe you watched a friend get rich off bitcoin and you’re still kicking yourself for not doing the same.
	cryptocurrency bitcoin
for some, the biggest change in apple’s new iphone x isn’t the larger screen, weird notch, or identity-verifying face id tech. it’s the disappearance of the home button, the iconic piece of hardware present on every ios device since the iphone’s 2007 debut. with the button  gone, apple’s using the extra real estate to change how you interact with the iphone, altering the gestures with which you’ve become familiar. some changes are for the better, while some seem pretty poorly implemented. here’s how to navigate your new device with the right swipes, taps, and gestures. 	iphone_x gestures
getting your hands on the iphone x hasn’t always been an easy task since it first launched in early november, but it looks like apple is finally getting its act together. the company is currently offering free next-day delivery, as long as you get in your order by 3 p.m. local time.
	iphone_x apple
apple keeps giving us reasons to say goodbye. ios 11 is buggy as hell, with the most recent error making iphones almost unusable, and the latest version of macos briefly exposed mac owners to a major vulnerability. as for the iphone x, it may be pretty sleek for an iphone, but apple’s still playing catch-up to its android competition.
	apple iphone mac
if your iphone or ipad was crashing all day saturday, you’re not alone.
	iphone ipad
 mac users running the latest version of apple’s operating system, high sierra, are susceptible to a pretty huge flaw that could grant anyone with physical access to your mac unfettered access to everything on your machine. the hack seems to be affecting only macos high sierra 10.13 and 10.13.1 versions. luckily, a little settings tweak can  bolster your security and alleviate the issue until apple fixes it properly. 	macos_high_sierra
there are always a few hiccups when you jump ship from one platform to another. if you’re switching to android from iphone, for example, don’t forget to disable imessage. 
	android
the pixel 2 and pixel 2 xl may be some of the best android phones around, but they still launched with a handful of bugs and problems. now, google is doing everything it can to address these issues with its november software update.
	pixel_2 google android
if you switched from the iphone to an android phone, you may have noticed a bug where people who previously were sending you imessages can&#39;t anymore. there&#39;s a quick solution to this bug, however, so you can un-trap your messages. 	imessage android iphone
the os x terminal opens up a world of powerful unix utilities and  scripts. if you&#39;re migrating from linux, you&#39;ll find many familiar  commands work the way you expect. but power users often aren&#39;t aware  that os x comes with a number of its own text-based utilities not found  on any other operating system.	terminal os_x
even if you don&#39;t want to use google music as your full-time music player, it&#39;s become one of the best ways to back up and access your music library from anywhere. it doesn&#39;t need to be your main player; you can still reap the benefits of google&#39;s free music backup and on-the-go streaming service. here&#39;s everything you need to know about setting it up as a secondary player and getting around its few quirks. 	google_music music backup
windows: if you love google music but don&#39;t like keeping it open in a tab, gmusic will keep it out of the way until you need it, while also adding full support for the media keys on your keyboard. 	google_music music windows
if you purchased any music from itunes between 2003 and 2009, you downloaded tracks with drm in them. apple&#39;s long since removed the drm, but you might not have. wired shows how to update your music library with the new, drm-free versions. 	itunes apple music drm
if you’re one of the few using microsoft’s groove music app and groove music pass streaming service, bad news: the company’s discontinuing both groove music pass subscriptions as well as the ability to stream, purchase, or download music with the groove music app at year’s end. instead, microsoft is partnering with spotify, and letting users move select groove music content to the streaming service.	microsoft spotify subscriptions
this july, we asked for software tips from the 2017 microsoft office national champions, a set of charming teens who are officially the best at using powerpoint, word, and excel. the verge recently followed these teens to the world championship in california, where they tested their office skills in a contest that out-nerds the spelling bee.	microsoft_office office the_verge microsoft
spreadsheets are a nerd’s data-driven dream. for most regular people, though, they’re a complicated mess. fortunately, they don’t need to be. here’s how to bend data to your will with microsoft excel 2016.	microsoft_excel excel spreadsheets data
powerpoint lets you put presentations together in a snap, but your slide shows can be dull and boring if you only know the basics. it’s time to learn how to customize templates, add animations and slide transitions, make slide notes, and more.	powerpoint presentations
microsoft outlook is the de facto email and calendaring client in most offices—and it can help manage your tasks and notes as well. beyond just clicking send and receive, there are lots of things you can do to improve your outlook workflow, such as sharing your calendar, auto-filtering emails, and more.
	outlook
rainmeter is a powerful tool that lets you create a beautiful, information-rich heads-up display that keeps track of your system status, rss feeds, and tons of other info. here’s how to use it to make an awesome, iron man-like hud for your windows desktop.
	rainmeter desktop windows top
windows: rainmeter is hands-down the most popular tool for customizing the look of your windows desktop and it’s hitting version 4.0 with some new skin creation tools.
	desktop rainmeter windows
every week, we feature customized desktops submitted by readers that show off beautiful wallpapers, great customization, and ui tweaks. sometimes they’re fun, sometimes they’re functional, and sometimes they’re both, but 2016 was a great year for  them. here’s a look at your favorites.	feature desktops wallpapers customization
windows: built-in desktop widgets left windows with the end of the sidebar, but they’ve always been available with third party apps like the always-incredible rainmeter. win10 widgets is a rainmeter package that brings a lot of those informative widgets back to windows in a way that looks natural in windows 10.	windows_10 rainmeter windows
apple just rejected the google voice iphone application from app store distribution, the most recent in a long line of questionable moves, and the message is clear: if you want a device that won&#39;t lock you out of innovation, skip the iphone.	iphone google_voice app_store
you may have seen wallets or backpacks advertising rfid shielding, a protective covering designed to keep malicious ne’er-do-wells from scanning any items that contain embedded wireless receivers, like certain credit cards and passports. sure, rfid shielding does prevent unwanted wireless transmissions, but with so little evidence of rfid-based theft, combined with the security measures present in today’s rfid tech, it doesn’t seem to be a threat you need to worry too much about.
	credit_cards rfid
windows/mac: tunnelbear is one of the best vpn services around, but the faux-retro wood aesthetic always put it in the ugly bin. today, they’ve updated their apps so they look and work a bit better. 	vpn tunnelbear
you know how when you sit on your couch, the wi-fi on your laptop cuts out? or when you’re in the bathroom your phone refuses to connect? from google to netgear, everyone’s rolling out expensive “mesh network” kits that promise to fix wi-fi dead zones. but only some people should shell out the $300-$500 for one.
	wi-fi
shopping for a router used to be as simple as buying the thing everyone said was good. these days, you have to understand a ton of technical terms, from &quot;beamforming&quot; to &quot;mimo&quot; and &quot;dual band&quot;. some of these are useful, but others are marketing fluff. let&#39;s dive in and separate the useful from the rest. 	shopping
getting crappy wi-fi reception on one side of your house? this video details a number of ways to boost your reception, both simple and complex—in only 5 minutes.	wi-fi video
if you haven’t added a second layer of security to your google account, you’re more vulnerable than you realize. you might think you’re secure if you’re using sms to protect your accounts, but even that has its own security issues compared to alternative verification options. you could employ an authentication app, which is more secure, but those rely on you entering a multi-digit passcode every time you login to a new device or app. instead of copying and pasting numbers every so often just to send some hangout messages, look into using a yubikey. it’s a tiny usb drive that acts as a two-factor authentication tool for a variety of services and operating systems. for now, let’s just start with locking down your google account.	two-factor_authentication yubikey
we’ll be the first to say that being worried about someone knowing if you’ve read their message is a little ridiculous. reading the message is the whole point of texting, and yet… we can also admit there are some strategic reasons why you’d want a message to appear unread. many messaging services like whatsapp, facebook messenger, and dms on twitter all support read receipts. imessage-sending iphone users have read receipts too, with a fun caveat: they’re very easy to get around.

in ios, the read receipts option can be toggled on in the settings app, under messages. if you usually keep this option off then you’ll never have to worry about sending read receipts, even if the person you’re texting has theirs set to “on.” if you usually have read receipts turned on, however, but want to secretly read a message, 3d touch is your friend here. 	read_receipts iphone texting imessage
ah 3d touch, apple’s pressure-sensitive smartphone feature. the artist formerly (creepily?) known as force touch surfaces additional options for users with iphones that support it. push into the screen’s left edge, for example, to reveal the app switcher. push into an app’s home screen icon to reveal shortcuts. push into the keyboard to  move the cursor anywhere you want.
	iphone apple
apple had their big press conference today and revealed all kinds of new details about the apple watch, revealed a new macbook, announced cable-free hbo access, and talked about researchkit. if you didn&#39;t feel like spending your morning watching their press conference, we did it for you. here&#39;s what they announced that really matters. 	apple apple_watch macbook hbo
apple still refuses to release a touchscreen macbook (no, the touch bar doesn’t count), but one group of developers have come up with a clever solution. using some impressive ai software and about a buck’s worth of hardware, the team was able to bring rudimentary touchscreen controls to an apple laptop.	macbook apple touchscreen
the macbook air hasn’t gotten much love from apple over the past few years, but that could finally change this spring. a new report from popular apple analyst ming-chi kuo (via macrumors) claims we could get a cheaper macbook air in the next few months, and, until that happens, you should probably hold off on buying any new apple laptop.
	apple macbook_air
many of our featured workspaces are filled with complex cable management schemes, several monitors, and plenty of other gadgets. flickr user matthew pearce found that all he needed for his home workspace was a macbook air, an attractive stand, and a bluetooth mouse and keyboard to get things done. 	featured_workspace workspaces workspace mac macbook
with age, laptop power cables get loose at the connection point. they can slip out if you move your laptop slightly, and you’ll need to readjust if you want to keep charging. youtuber kipkay has an easy, cheap diy fix.	diy
the macbook pro’s touch bar just isn’t that useful. sure, its functionality changes based on the app you’re in, but if you—like me—were expecting a second screen that you’d be able to customize, you’re not the only one who’s disappointed. you can, however, download the third party app 2touch to create some bespoke shortcuts that will launch your favorite apps and services. with the option to preload everything you need for any situation literally at your fingertips, 2touch might be the one app that will get you back in the habit of actually touching the touch bar.
	macbook_pro touch_bar
windows 10 automatically downloads updates in the background, which can be rough on slow or capped internet. fortunately, there’s a way to pause downloads from the command line.	windows_10 command_line updates
since last fall, new macbook pro models have replaced the function keys with the touch bar, a gimmicky touch-sensitive display along the top of the keyboard. it takes some getting used to, and you may find yourself groping for the delete key and cranking up your headphone volume, or idly resting your finger on the escape key and losing your work.
	mac macbook_pro
when it comes to video players on mac, vlc has long been the best choice. that doesn’t mean there can’t be competition though, iina is a video player still in early development that is looking to give vlc a run for its money.
	video_players mac
one of the new, handy features in macos sierra takes care of something you probably don’t think much about: cluttered files filling up your hard drive. now there’s a built-in utility that replaces those third-party tools and makes it easy to find space-hogging files, old applications, and more.
	macos_sierra macos sierra mac feature
dear lifehacker,
sierra is out today and some of the new features, like siri, look pretty great. of course, it seems like a small enough upgrade, but that doesn’t mean things won’t go bad. you’ve been using it, what do you think? should i upgrade, or wait?	sierra feature
if you want to do a clean install of macos sierra, or you have multiple macs to install it on, then a bootable flash drive for is your best bet for easy installation. here’s how to make one.
	macos_sierra sierra mac how_to
siri is one of the landmark features in sierra, but while you can call it up in three different ways, a keyboard shortcut is probably the most useful.
	sierra
apple’s just released macos sierra, and while it’s a minor update, it does include siri, a universal clipboard, and a handful of other new features. let’s take a quick look at all the new stuff.	macos_sierra sierra mac apple feature
siri is the landmark new feature in macos sierra, but unfortunately you have to click the icon or a keyboard shortcut in order to talk to your computer. since “hey siri” is one of the best features on ios, this is a bummer. good thing you can hack it into your mac too.	macos_sierra macos sierra siri feature
os x only has a few disk space analyzers, and the good news is that they&#39;re all pretty good. nonetheless, we feel disk inventory x is the way to go thanks to its organization, massive amount of information, and $0 price tag. 	disk_space_analyzers disk_space os_x disk space
if you want to tweak settings and run maintenance scripts in mac os x, you can always take it to the command line. on the other hand, you can always turn to one of the few system tweakers available to get the job done from a graphical user interface (gui). our favorite is onyx for its exhaustive feature set that provides both basic and easy options for any kind of user. 	system_tweakers mac_os_x mac
weblog mac os x hints reminds us that when your computer&#39;s running slower than it should, sometimes complicated maintenance isn&#39;t the answer—a clean desktop could do just as much as anything. 	desktop mac os_x mac_os_x
these days a new operating system can be downloaded from the web and installed in a couple of reboots, or “purchased” for free from an app store. it might seem like a clean install isn’t worth the time and effort. nothing could be further from the truth. upgrades may be convenient, but sometimes it’s better to give yourself a clean slate, and not just for that “fresh out of the box” feeling.	clean_install
the new macbook pro’s touch bar is a weird thing that our friends at gizmodo found a bit lacking, but that doesn’t mean we’re not all a little curious as to how it works. while you obviously can’t make an actual touch bar, touché is an app that gives you a glimpse of an app’s touch bar support so you can give it a digital test drive.
	macbook macbook_pro
as you get older and assume more responsibility in your life, your gaming time might need to adjust. it doesn’t have to be game over, but if gaming is getting in the way of real life, it’s time to push pause. here’s what worked well for me.
	
when you&#39;re playing a video game, you become completely absorbed in what you&#39;re doing, and you&#39;re completing tasks while time is flying by.  using some of the principles game designers use, you can apply that same concept of flow to your work.	tasks work
video games keep getting more complex and  visually appealing, so it’s no wonder more people are drawn to them nowadays. but this new era of compelling digital entertainment could have a dark side for unemployed young men.
	video_games games
 many of us at lifehacker are big fans of video games. our esteemed editor-in-chief, however, is skeptical that gaming holds anything of value beyond simple entertainment, and more often than not, believes that games are a dangerous time sink. in this post, i hope to convince him—and any of you who may feel the same way about video games—otherwise, arguing that aside from being a great form of entertainment, video games can also relieve anxiety, teach new skills, and help you stay motivated. and i&#39;ve got science to back me up. 	video_games science skills gaming
mac: you have tons of options for different system monitors on the mac, but if you’re looking for something a little more customizable than the rest, menubar stats 2 is worth a look.	system_monitor mac
though weather forecasting is a notoriously inexact science, thanks to voice assistants, pop-up notifications, and buzzing smartwatches, it’s easier than ever to keep tabs on the day’s weather (and dress accordingly). of course, checking the truncated weather forecast on your phone might be convenient, but it could also mean you’re losing out on valuable information that could help you deal with the heat, sleet, or general mugginess outside. that’s where desktop weather apps come in. 	weather weather_apps apps
ios: we all know that golden hour is the hour before sunset and the hour after sunrise when lighting is great for photography. there’s a bit more nuance to it than that, and this app helps photographers optimize golden hour to get the best possible pics.	photography golden_hour
mac: weather is a fickle thing, but if you like to stay on top of it from your mac, you don’t have a ton of options beyond refreshing a web site. forecast bar is an app that’ll help you do just that, with a forecast in your menu bar, weather alerts, and more. 	weather menu_bar
web: dark sky is one of the coolest weather apps, providing minute-by-minute weather tracking. up until now, it’s only been available on ios or android phones, but now everyone can finally use it on the web.	weather android ios weather_apps dark_sky
duet display is our favorite “second screen” app for ipad that extends your desktop computer’s screen to your ipad. today, duet display gets an update that adds in touch bar support, which means you can emulate the new macbook pro’s touch bar on any ipad.
	ipad macbook
“ahh-ha!” you think to yourself. “apple has finally made it impossible for the police to see what’s on my confiscated iphone.”	iphone
if you haven’t updated your iphone to ios 11.4 yet, you might want to hold off for a bit. the newest update to the operating system reportedly has a bug that will make your battery run out of juice a lot faster than it did prior to the update. as bgr notes, a thread on apple’s support forum is already 35 pages deep with ios 11.4 users who are feeling battery burnt.	ios_11 apple ios
when it comes to giving new apps a try, i’m a pretty easy sell. i’ll download almost any app from the app store someone has convinced me has a use and give it a test drive. however, once that test drive is over i’m not good at taking the time to delete the apps that don’t quite make the cut. the result? my phone is pretty loaded with stuff.
	
our cell phones and tablets have transformed the way we hold our bodies—and not for the better. looking down at your device is like having a 60-pound weight on your neck, according to a spine surgeon.	cell_phone tablets
if you&#39;re having trouble remembering where you&#39;ve filed away an app on your phone&#39;s home screen, you may want to consider organizing your apps by action. 	apps
recently, a new staff member started at lifehacker. she booted up her brand-new, company-issued macbook pro, and went to plug in her earpods to listen to some tunes while she worked. she was met with the same baffling conundrum as other  apple die-hards who rush to procure the latest release: why the hell can’t you use the iphone 7’s lightning connector headphones with the new macbook pro?
	iphone headphones apple
it used to be that when i went out late in the city, i’d play a rousing game of “how long can i keep my phone alive so i can listen to music on the way home?” i would throw my phone into airplane mode, turn the brightness down, and hope it would last until i made it back to my apartment. 

apple has since improved the way it handles battery life, though it doesn’t do everything it could to ensure your phone stays on. there are a few more tricks of the trade you can use to keep your iphone alive as long as possible. below, nine foolproof options: 	iphone
if your smartphone’s battery isn’t lasting as long as it used to, it could be because you haven’t taken very good care of it. here’s the science of how smartphone batteries work, and how you can keep them healthy for longer.	batter batteries science
you probably already know that the battery life rating for laptops, tablets, and phones don’t often match reality. laptop magazine explains why and offers a sound rule of thumb for buying your next laptop.	laptops battery_life
presidents’ day is this monday, which means it’s the perfect time to look back on how some of the greatest people this country has known got things done. here are ten of our favorite tips from former u.s. presidents.
	
dealing with anxiety or depression is challenging enough as it is, but trying to be productive at the same time can feel downright impossible, like swimming against a current. there are some small productivity hacks that can help.	depression anxiety productivity
filling a blank page with words is hard. fixing a bunch of terrible words is a little easier. if you&#39;re having trouble getting started with your writing, do what you&#39;re afraid to do: write like crap.	writing getting_started
being in a romantic relationship when one (or both) of you suffer from depression is a massive challenge. depression can make your partner seem distant. they may feel like they’re a burden or close themselves off. none of that means your relationship is the problem. you two can tackle this together. here’s how.	depression
ios: the red notification badges that pepper our iphone home screens are mostly useful, but sometimes they can be downright annoying. for example, you’re probably sick of seeing that ugly red dot sitting on your iphone settings app, a permanent reminder that it’s time to set up apple pay. thankfully, there’s a simple solution hiding in plain sight—if you don’t want to (or can’t) link your credit card to apple pay.	ios iphone apple_pay
this week, apple finally made apple pay cash available, it’s venmo competition for the iphone. with it, you can send and receive cash from friends, much like you can with services like paypal, square, and venmo using imessage on your iphone. its super simple to use, but can be a bit confusing if you’re not sure what you’re doing.
	apple apple_pay
thanks to a partnership between apple and paypal you can finally put all the money you’ve got in your account to good use. the two companies have announced a partnership that will allow paypal as a payment option on ios devices. if you’re lacking a debit or credit card, or just want to use your paypal balance to cover media purchases, now’s your chance.	paypal ios
postmates, the get-anything-delivered service, usually charges $5.99 per delivery (or $3.99 for deliveries from postmates partners). for frequent postmates users, a $9.99 monthly fee gets you postmates unlimited, with no delivery fees on orders over $20.	postmates delivery
apple pay is neat, and as it get more and more integrated into ios, there’s a good chance you’ve set it up to use in apps even if you never use it at stores. by default, apple pay pops up on the lock screen when you double-click the home button. this can be annoying. here’s how to stop it from happening.
	ios apple apple
android (rooted with xposed): some android apps, like gmail, may show that you have multiple unread notifications—but they won’t tell you how many. notification count is an xposed module for rooted phones that adds a number badge to all your notifications.	android xposed notifications
android: how often do you glance at your phone’s lock screen, skim through a list of notifications and dismiss them all without a second thought? if you’re like me, that’s pretty much every morning. and if you’re like me, you often regret doing it when you can’t find an important notification a few seconds later.
	android notifications
regularly locking your phone’s screen can be an annoyance. so much so that a third of android users don’t even lock their phones at all, and those that do choose painfully obvious pins or patterns. fortunately, there’s a better way: it’s called smart lock for android.
	android smart_lock
how many times do you see an app on the app store and think, “i should buy that, but maybe later”? you can even put off downloading free apps—something might pique your interest, but you might not feel like immediately downloading it to your iphone or ipad for any number of reasons.	app_store iphone ipad apps
web: for some reason, apple has never made a fully-functional online version of the itunes app store or mac app store, and definitely hasn’t built an easy web search tool.well, there’s a fan-made app for that now. theappstore finally lets you browse the web for ios and mac apps from any device.
	app_store itunes ios mac search
apple is well known for its overbearing  rules and regulations about what can be sold in its stores. however, as how-to geek reminds us, that doesn’t mean either of apple’s app stores aren’t filled with garbage. the mac app store is no exception.	mac apple
making phone calls with your smart speaker has been an option for a while now (whether you prefer amazon’s alexa ai or a google home device) but sending text messages is another story entirely.
	google_home
amazon’s alexa may have more “skills” and connect with more services, but when it comes to artificial intelligence smarts, google assistant has the competition beat (sorry siri, it’s not even close). 	google_assistant google
since her launch, siri has had a ton of jokes hidden up her virtual assistant sleeve. today a new one is being passed around the web: tell siri “i see a little silhouetto of a man.” go ahead, i’ll wait here while you do.
	siri
siri got a ton of improvements in ios 7 and a bunch of new features as well. now, you can ask it all sorts of things, from launching apps to getting sports scores. redditor cheeziz_chrust put together a list of pretty much everything you can ask siri these days. 	ios_7 siri
  yesterday apple announced siri, the new voice-controlled assistant for your iphone, and we detailed how it works to give you an idea of the things it can help you do. but have you been wondering what you can say to it, specifically? the unofficial apple weblog (tuaw) has posted a very comprehensive list of options. here are a few examples and how they work. 	siri iphone apple

	if you&#39;ve ever found a random iphone sitting around with a passcode, it doesn&#39;t seem like there&#39;s much you can do to return it. however, os x daily points out that you can simply ask siri for help.	siri
if you picked up a google home over the holidays you may be wondering what it’s good for besides checking the weather and playing music. google’s smart speakers may not boast as many third-party skills as amazon’s alexa, but there’s still a ton you can do.
	google_home google
google’s released more messaging apps that i can remember (allo, android messages, messenger, hangouts, gchat, the list goes on), but the company’s never been able to come up with a single service that can easily handle your messages on all platforms the way imessage does for ios and mac devices. now, google may have finally figured it out by copying one of apple’s best features: desktop sms messaging.	google android android_messages imessage
fans of bitmoji: there’s a new caricature app that you’ll want to see. it’s more aesthetically pleasing  and a breeze to use, but not so simple to share.  
	
today, google announced a new version of hangouts, which is actually two apps, hangouts meet and hangouts chat. both are meant for business-users, but that doesn’t mean the old hangouts is totally going away. yet.
	google hangouts chat
gmail chat now supports inline, embedded videos from youtube and google video. to use it, just paste the url of the video into your web-based chat box and hit enter. the video will automatically appear in a small embedded popup so you can enjoy it with your chat buddy from the comfort of gmail. [via]	youtube chat google_video google gmail
if it wasn’t for imessage, i would have ditched my iphone for android years ago, but because the rest of my family (and most of my friends) use ios devices, i’m locked into apple’s world. otherwise, i would be missing out on imessage-only group chats (i know it’s pathetic, but it’s true).	imessage apple android
ios 10 is packed full of new features, but the best ones are often hidden under the hood. here are some of our favorite lesser-known new features, the ones apple isn’t advertising, and you would otherwise have to dig to find.
	ios_10 apple ios feature
one of the relatively unsung new features in ios 10 is a smarter photos app that wants to make organizing photos less of a chore. generally, it succeeds at this, but some of its best features aren’t evident, or obvious to use. let’s take a look at how to use the new features.	ios_10 photos how_to ios feature
ios 10 is here, and with it comes a brand new lock screen, a completely different way to unlock your phone, a fancy new messages app, and plenty more. let’s take a quick look at all the new stuff.	ios_10
the first thing you’ll notice when you boot up ios 10 is the fancy new lock screen. it’s different looking and you might be a bit shocked to see the familiar “slide to unlock” is gone. there are plenty of other tweaks too. don’t worry, most of these changes are for the better.
	ios_10 lock_screen
today, apple hit the stage to announce the new iphone 7, which features a fancy new camera and a water resistant enclosure. they also made a bunch of other announcements, from a new apple watch to the death of the headphone jack. if you didn’t feel like wasting hours watching their press conference, here’s everything you need to know.
	apple apple_watch iphone iphone_7 feature
last month, apple dished out the details on ios 10 and the newly rebranded macos sierra. today, they’re both available as public betas that you can download right now.
	apple ios_10 macos macos_sierra beta
apple’s wwdc kicked off today with the usual keynote speech, but this one was packed with details about apple’s next set of operating systems: ios 10, the new tvos, updates to watchos, and os x, now renamed to macos.	apple ios ios_10 macos os_x mac
ios 10 launches tomorrow, but while backing up your device before you upgrade is pretty common sense, you’ll also want to make sure your third-party apps sync up too.
	ios_10 ios
with every launch of a new operating system comes a handful of quirks and annoyances. ios 10 is no different, but thankfully, most of those quirks are pretty easy to correct.
	ios_10 annoyances ios
the biggest new change in ios 10 is the messages app, which is suddenly a lot more playful with the addition of animations, stickers, and more. here’s how to make the most of it.
	ios_10 messages how_to how_to
since basically the dawn of the iphone, users have been asking to remove apple’s stock apps from their ios devices. with ios 10, you can finally do it.
	ios_10 apps apple iphone
one of the neat new features in ios 10 is the ability for third-party apps to integrate into apple maps. these extensions are not enabled by default, so you might totally miss them if you don’t bother digging into the settings app.
	ios_10 apple apple_maps maps
pushbullet has been gradually getting more sms-related features over time, but now it’s finally getting the big one. the app can now show you all your conversation threads, which means it could effectively replace a dedicated desktop sms app like mightytext.	pushbullet sms desktop
in the wake of an attack at an ariana grande concert in manchester that left 22 dead and over 50 injured, facebook activated its safety check feature, giving users in the area the opportunity to assure friends and family they were safe.	
indoor flooding can cause thousands of dollars worth of damage to your home, and it&#39;s a nightmare to clean up. here&#39;s what to do when you notice water damage and how to safely begin the process of remediation.	flood home
standing desks are all the rage, but sometimes you just want to chill on the couch while working on your laptop. here’s a desk that you can build that accomplishes both.	standing_desk
it doesn’t happen often, but 911 services can go down. currently, 911 service is down across several states in the u.s. after a massive outage at a centurylink data center. while some of the initially-out-of-service cities are already up and running again, others are still down.
	911
as the year winds down, now is a great time to get your digital life in order. from organizing your online photos to refreshing your accounts with new, secure passwords or  finally cleaning up your browser bookmarks; there’s a lot for you to tackle before 2019 hits.	password
windows: i wouldn’t be surprised if you have have folders upon folders of photographs that you swear you’ll get to sorting “someday.” for me, that day was this weekend. for whatever reason, i felt like spending a few hours trying to tackle my lifetime of photographic history that i’ve dumped into a big “to sort” folder on my network-attached storage device.
	windows
how do you know when to plant your tomatoes and other warm-weather crops?for those of us in temperate climates, we do our planting in and around mother’s day. but depending on where you are, you could have actually started a few weeks ago—or you might still need to wait a bit. here’s how to tell.
	weather climate
woe is the chrome user who has an overflowing bookmark bar—or worse, that single folder they use to store anything interesting they see online. 	chrome
chrome: bookmarks are messy. while there are more advanced ways to save stuff for later, bookmarks can still be helpful. supersorter removes one of the biggest pains of dealing with them: organization.	chrome bookmarks organization
chrome: let&#39;s face it, most of us keep a ton of browser tabs open at once. it&#39;s even more common if you&#39;re researching something and you suddenly find yourself with 30 open tabs and no idea what to do with them. onetab is an extension that unloads the all and stuffs them into a list. 	tabs browser_tabs chrome
i recently stumbled across the extension toby (chrome, firefox), and i’m surprised at how much i love it. so much so that it has replaced the pretty chrome delight and earth view from google earth extensions i’ve been using whenever i open a new tab. i’m one-hundred percent toby now, because it’s one of the best ways i’ve seen to get a little more control over all those open tabs in my browser.	chrome firefox tabs browser
it’s been a while since we’ve heard from some of our favorite to-do apps, wunderlist and any.do, which means it’s a perfect time for a fresh look at both apps. both are still some of the best, cross-platform, free to-do managers available, but let’s see how far they’ve come.	to-do_apps wunderlist any.do to-do_managers
the &quot;best&quot; to-do list app for you is a highly personal choice, but some do stand above others. last week we asked you for your favorites, then looked at the five best to-do list managers and put them to a vote. now we&#39;re back to feature the winner of our poll. 	to-do to-do_list to-do_list_manager
frozen webpages, a precursor to the ever-frustrating dead tab, can be intensely frustrating—all the more so when you can’t accurately identify what’s causing the slowdown or random dead tab. if you want to learn more about what windows or processes are demanding too much of your memory and processing power, technology site ghacks suggests you look under the hood of google chrome using its built-in task manager.	google_chrome
since its debut, chrome has grown in popularity, though its once-stellar reputation has taken a bit of a hit as of late. examples of chrome-only sites are more and more common, reminiscent of the days when microsoft’s internet explorer dominated the web browser market. it’s been shown to be a massive memory hog as well, slowing down machines as users create more and more tabs. if you’re looking for a change this 2018, why not start with your browser? ditch chrome and switch to its longtime competitor, mozilla firefox. it’s just as fast, if not faster, than chrome, and integrates tools to boost your privacy online while making it easier to share and save everything you find on the web.	
it’s not a stretch to assume you probably use gmail—it seems like most of the world does, these days. that reality has created consternation over some of the recent privacy and security-related changes to gmail and google chrome.
	gmail google
in this week’s tech 911—the column where we offer reasonable answers and explanations for of your deepest, darkest tech confusions—a lifehacker reader wonders why she can’t access some of gmail’s best features with a third-party email client (and a non-gmail address). 	tech_911 email gmail
there’s something magical when it comes to porn. at least when it comes to porn popping up in the most unintended of places, like the web browser of your brand-new smartphone. luckily you have me to help you figure out how they got there. because i know you never tapped, clicked, or typed in anything that you wouldn’t say in front of a nun.	porn
your router is the first line of defense against hackers trying to access all the internet-connected devices in your home. sadly, many of the top wi-fi routers are easy to hack. you should be concerned—and also make sure your router is set up properly.	wi-fi_router routers wi-fi
no question is too strange, and no issue is too small for tech 911. this week, we explore a question from a reader who is finding things pop up in her google history that she (claims) she never searched for... and it only gets more interesting from there.
	tech_911 google
apple’s big wwdc event is right around the corner, and what better way to kick off the festivities—which we weren’t invited to, as always—then by contemplating all the fun features you might not be able to use on your ancient iphone.	iphone wwdc apple
with 2018 coming to a close, we asked the lifehacker staffers what one change made the biggest impact on their year.	
we all want to establish good habits, and break bad ones. but most of us approach the process all wrong. luckily, james clear, author of atomic habits has some tactics to make sure those new habits stick.	habits james_clear
meditation expert and author dean sluyter teaches the practice of “natural” meditation. in the video above, he explains how to get into the proper mindset, how often one should meditate, and how to avoid the common problem of “trying” to meditate.	video meditation
in trying times is more important than ever to consider the feelings of those around you. we are all in our own bubble, with our own unique perspective on the world, and it is crucial for our personal development to understand how other people experience the world	
 tim ferriss, mr. 4-hour-everything, recently gave this tnw talk clarifying how anyone can master a new skill in just four steps. the &quot;secret sauce&quot; to his method is sequencing, or timing the order in which you learn the parts of the skill.	
on the latest episode of the upgrade, we’re talking about  the self-proclaimed “front page of the internet,” the massive online community known as reddit. for some, reddit is a second home, a place to hang out, post links, chat and trash talk with like-minded friends and foes. for others, it’s a confusing rabbit warren with its own weird rules and etiquette, a teeming hive of enthusiasts and trolls, an overwhelming curiosity that they might visit every now and then, but who has time to learn to navigate what’s essentially a complex system of message boards? 	the_upgrade reddit
as much as people make fun of the internet for being a place to put your most boring thoughts, there’s actually such tough competition for attention that if you want any reaction, you have to be super interesting. even the famous subreddit /r/mildlyinteresting is full of fascinating stuff like a panicked vending machine and surprise twinsies and a nine-fingered pianist. your boring-ass story doesn’t register. unless you go to /r/benignexistence.
	reddit subreddit
 both chefs and grandmothers have said for generations that we eat with our eyes first, and point out that if a meal looks delicious, you&#39;ll enjoy it even more. scientific studies have said the same thing, but now science explains why good looking food—or even images of good looking food—can make bland or otherwise subpar dishes taste better and feel more satisfying, just in time for you to hack your next diet meal. 	science food
staring at a screen before bed is bad for your sleep, but we do it anyway. if you like watching tv to help you fall asleep, napflix might be a good compromise.	sleep
when we last rounded up our staff’s weekly upgrades, our editors were installing our own bidets, cutting back on caffeine, and protecting ourselves from exercise-induced injury.
	weekly_upgrades
when we rounded up our staff’s weekly upgrades last friday, our editors were clearing out media clutter (goodbye, six-month-old new yorker issues), weaning our instagram addictions, and discovering the joys of white noise machines.	weekly_upgrades
i’ve been a mac user for a decade, but i’ve always hated apple’s default one-button mouse, and i’ve never gotten comfortable with trackpad gestures. i grew up using a three-button mouse on the family amiga. years later, i loved scroll wheels, trackballs, and mice with thumb buttons, but i wanted more. 	mouse
that wheel in the middle of your mouse is good for more than just scrolling—in fact, the button can do quite a bit. here are some of the oft-ignored shortcuts built in to the middle mouse button.	shortcuts mouse
logitech’s mx revolution and performance mx mice are two of the most popular, well-loved mice of the past decade, including by most of us here at lifehacker. the logitech mx master wireless mouse is ergonomic, packed with features to help you get work done, and it’s the latest successor in the awesome mx series. in fact, it’s the best one yet.	logitech mice
logitech and razer both have some pretty awesome gaming peripherals. whether you’re playing games or getting real work done, they’re both great options. the software they use have some small, but important differences. here’s how they stack up against each other.	gaming gaming_peripherals peripherals logitech razer
if you’re an outdoors adventurer, diy-er, pc builder, or just like to be prepared for anything, you need a good multitool. the leatherman wave and sog powerlock are both reliable, sturdy, well-built and popular choices, but if you could only have one, let’s decide which deserves to live in your carry-all.
	leatherman sog wave powerlock leatherman_wave sog_powerlock
imagine someone just starting to learn the piano. what does it sound like? hot cross buns? mary had a little lamb? i sat down with composer jason oberholtzer for a fun piano lesson that concentrates on discovering new sounds and playing by ear, rather than learning specific songs or reading sheet music. it won’t get you into carnegie hall, but it will get you excited to make music.	music piano
if you have a piano or keyboard already and just need the benefit of a little instruction in the right way to play, the best way to read music, and a little music theory, skoove can give that to you from the comfort of your browser. it’s free to start, and if you need more instruction, it’s not too expensive.	piano music
if you’ve ever wanted to learn to play the piano, pianu can help. all you need is a web browser, and an internet connection—whether you’re on a pc using a mouse and keyboard, a tablet or smartphone, or actually have a keyboard to plug into your computer.	piano
ios: learning to play the piano can be difficult, and even moreso if you don’t have someone there to help you fix your errors and learn good tempo. simply piano can do both of those things, and all it takes is your iphone or ipad. best of all, it’s free.	ios iphone piano learning
it was quite a year for lifehacker’s podcast, the upgrade. in this episode, we talk about (and listen to) our favorite moments from the past year’s episodes. in 2017, we learned how to turn our awkwardness into a social asset; how to be brilliant (while being bored); how to find real love; how to get smart about microdosing… and more. so much more. oh, but we had fun.	the_upgrade
it was a big year here at lifehacker. together, we tried to save the bees, got hacked, stared right into the sun, ate gross chain restaurant food, and hid from nuclear bombs. these are our most popular stories from 2017.	popular
if you always leave bluetooth on your phone on, you might want to rethink things.
	bluetooth
even if you’ve got a major soft spot for the olive garden, no one goes to chain restaurants expecting a five-star dining experience. (and at this point you should expect things like frozen entrees and pre-made bags of soup as par for the course.) but the uniformity can also be comforting, and with a standardized menu, one might reasonably expect standardized health and food safety procedures, as well. and to some extent, that’s true—this reddit thread about what to avoid at major chain restaurants (according to their employees) is less horrifying than one might guess.	restaurants food_safety
while cocktails aren’t exactly good for you—alcohol is a toxin after all—some drinks can be more dangerous than others. these dicey craft cocktail ingredients can be found in bars all over the place.
	drinks alcohol cocktails bars
you’ve just acquired some salty strands of golden happiness from your favorite burger joint. here’s how you get them home crispy and not soggy.	
so you want to wear a nice hat, do ya? fine. then you need to learn how to wear it like a proper lady or gentleman.
	
a little hair loss is perfectly normal. but if you think you’re seeing a few more hairs in the shower drain than usual, there are a couple methods you can use to check for abnormal hair loss at home.
	hair hair_loss
there are a few things that are known to induce hair loss, but wearing hats isn’t one of them—even if you wear one every day. here’s the truth about that old wives’ tale.	hair hats hair_loss
the hokey style of 1950s educational films makes them richly mockable today. but the real kicker is that they were preemptively mocked decades before they even peaked.
	education 1950s
some people got a great high school education. but some of us were sent to an evangelical christian school, where we learned that evolution is a lie, columbus was a cool dude, and catholics are faking it. for us, and anyone else who suspects their education could use a revisionist refresh, there’s the free youtube channel crash course.
	education youtube
your education doesn’t have to stop once you leave school. we’ve put together a curriculum of some of the best free online classes available on the web this fall for the latest term of lifehacker u, our regularly-updating guide to improving your life with free, online college-level classes. let’s get started.
	lifehacker_u online_classes education fall
your education doesn’t have to stop once you leave school. we’ve put together a curriculum of some of the best free online classes available on the web this fall for the latest term of lifehacker u, our regularly-updating guide to improving your life with free, online college-level classes. let’s get started.
	lifehacker_u online_classes education
your education doesn’t have to stop once you leave school. we’ve put together a curriculum of some of the best free online classes available on the web this fall for the latest term of lifehacker u, our regularly-updating guide to improving your life with free, online college-level classes. let’s get started.
	lifehacker_u online_classes education
your education doesn’t have to stop once you leave school. we’ve put together a curriculum of some of the best free online classes available on the web this fall for the latest term of lifehacker u, our regularly-updating guide to improving your life with free, online college-level classes. let’s get started.
	lifehacker_u online_classes education fall
coursebuffet not only highlights free courses from top universities, it groups some of them into degree paths, so you can get a college ba-equivalent education from these free online courses.	education college
for lifelong learners and self-made scholars, the internet is a priceless resource. continue your education with these top free online tools.
	education top
once you’re out of school, finding friends and spending time with themfalls by the wayside to work, family, and other obligations. so, tell us, how did you stumble upon new friendships? and more importantly, what do you do to keep them going strong?
	tell_us friendship friends
the most-hated non-politician on twitter this weekend was designer josh williams, who showed off his chipotle ordering hack (make the employees package each ingredient separately) and asked “am i weird? or brilliant?” twitter mostly chose option c: josh is an asshole.
	chipotle
people say that “everyone should work retail or service at least once in their lives.” i couldn’t agree more. like many people, some of my first jobs were retail service gigs. one in a department store, another in a bookstore. i’ve long since moved on, but i learned a lot about the nature of people—and how that battle between selfishness and empathy is something we all struggle with, every day.	people
you’ve probably dealt with pushy retail salespeople before, the ones who make you feel uncomfortable because they keep asking you to buy stuff even though you’ve said you’re not interested. you know how it feels, and that it usually sends people searching for the nearest exit. so, if you work in retail, don’t be anything like that.	retail
this year on how i work, we learned about the work habits of comedians, writers, developers, and a haunted house designer. here are the best interviews of the year, and some of their greatest quotes.	how_i_work work
designing a car from the ground up, from road to roof, is a huge collaborative undertaking that requires someone at the wheel to guide the car’s development. at chevrolet, one such executive is ron arnesen, who is responsible for the design and development of the chevy malibu.	
as editor-in-chief of 99u, adobe’s publication for creative professionals, matt mccue oversees stories about topics like client work, storytelling, and productivity, and involving creatives from the worlds of art, design, advertising, music, tech, and media. in addition to 99u, he’s written for outlets such as fortune, fast company, gq, and espn. we asked him about his own creative work.
	adobe
the huffington post is, of course, one of the landmark blogs of the internet, and has grown into a diverse outlet that covers everything from politics to entertainment to local news. overseeing the editorial operation is jimmy soni, whose own work has been featured in the atlantic, politico, and more. we caught up with jimmy to learn how he manages his workload and the huffpo empire.	
after more than a decade as editor-in-chief at wired magazine, chris anderson is making some big changes. earlier this month, chris announced that he&#39;s stepping down to focus on his robotics manufacturing startup, 3d robotics. while manning the helm at wired, chris authored three books that turned him into a leading voice across schools of economics, technology, and diy design: the long tail, free, and his latest, makers: the new industrial revolution. (he also lead the magazine in nearly doubling its readership, racked up too many awards to count, and landed on the time 100.) in makers, chris champions open source design, low cost material, and 3d printing as drivers of manufacturing&#39;s next generation—all things his company uses as its foundation. we chatted with chris about his seriously awesome workshop, the best advice he&#39;s ever received, and the apps and gadgets that keep him running (like a machine). 	chris_anderson
&quot;i recommend everyone either fix your job or quit it.&quot; no one is better suited to dish out this wisdom than brian lam. in 2011, after running the show at our sister site gizmodo for five years, brian started the wirecutter. it&#39;s not a blog and it&#39;s not a news site—it&#39;s simply a guide to the world&#39;s best gadgets. the wirecutter publishes 10 or so posts each month, giving brian time to do other stuff he&#39;s passionate about (including surfing and writing about the ocean). if he wasn&#39;t such a genuinely awesome human, i&#39;d hate his guts out of sheer jealousy. here&#39;s what brian had to say about workspaces, favorite gadgets, and more. 	brian_lam the_wirecutter
pandora’s musical curation is a big reason the site still stands out among competition from spotify, google, apple, and youtube. professional music analysts listen to tracks and identify common elements, building the music genome project that powers pandora’s customized user stations. as a senior music analyst, hannah glass is deciding what you listen to next. we talked to her about her work at pandora, her musical background, and her own projects as a performer.
	music pandora work
at the metropolitan opera last fall, in a show called “the exterminating angel,” soprano audrey luna sang a high a, setting a new record for the highest note ever sung at the met. you might be more familiar with the phrase “high c,” a very typical high note at the met—the high a is several notes higher. and it’s the first thing luna sings in the show. she spent years working her voice up to that pitch. so we asked her how she did it.
	opera voice
ios: if you want to really kill it at karaoke, approximately hitting the notes won’t be good enough. a free app called vanido can guide you through singing exercises, and show you in real time how well you’re hitting those notes.
	singing ios karaoke
if you’ve never sung karaoke, it might seem like a nightmare. you’re standing in front of a bunch of random people, singing all by yourself, and praying the monitor with the lyrics doesn’t go out. but a lot of your fears are unfounded, and there are plenty of things you can do to ease yourself into the spotlight.
	karaoke singing
what’s not to love about your comfort zone? even the phrase itself sounds nice. i imagine a cozy nook where i can be alone and content, far away from the whole crazy, uncomfortable world. unfortunately, you also miss out on a lot of cool experiences in that nook, which is why this year, i vowed to force myself out of it.	comfort_zone
you&#39;ve seen inspirational quotes that encourage you to get out and do something strange—something you wouldn&#39;t normally do—but getting out of your routine just takes so much work. there&#39;s actually a lot of science that explains why it&#39;s so hard to break out of your comfort zone, and why it&#39;s good for you when you do it. with a little understanding and a few adjustments, you can break away from your routine and do great things.	science
in his personal blog, writer and world traveler chris guillebeau writes that we should never belittle even our smallest accomplishments. sometimes it&#39;s hard to look at the small things as even remotely relevant, but often times they&#39;re the beginning of something important.	
you don’t need to be a virtuoso to succeed in a choir. you need a willingness to practice and learn, and “the basic ability to hear and emulate,” says mira taferner, artistic director of the a cappella chorus sirens of gotham. “that, luckily, is a relatively universal skill.” taferner, along with sirens associate artistic director kari francis and visual coordinator anna chelak, talked to lifehacker about the essentials of learning to sing in a chorus—essentials that helped the group win last fall’s sweet adelines international harmony classic competition with the performance above.
	performance a_cappella choir
mozart wrote a party song called “kiss my ass.” the filthy lyrics (“kiss my ass, quickly, quickly”) weren’t discovered until 1991. this is the stuff you’d learn if the a.v. club was doing interviews in the 1700s. and it’s another great way to appreciate classical music. just like pop music, the music is more fun if you learn the story behind it. in this video we tell you how.	classical_music music
if you’ve ever tried to get into classical music, but gotten too bored or distracted, it’s not your fault. classical music works differently than popular music, and it’s much easier to appreciate when you understand its structure. in the video above we explain the baroque period, the fugue, how to decipher a title like “chopin, nocturne no. 2 in e-flat major, op. 9,” and who actually named the “moonlight sonata.”	music classical_music
classical music has been evolving for centuries, so there are all different kinds of sounds. that means that if you hate one kind, you can still love several other kinds. hate opera? you still might love the orchestra. symphonies too overwhelming? try some shorter, sparer chamber music. in the video above, we give you some tips for finding the kind of classical music you like, according to style, era, instrumentation, and composer. we concentrate on the romantic period—if you don’t care for that, watch our videos focusing on the baroque and classical periods.	music classical_music
writer grace spelman collects songs like they’re legos, in a meticulously sorted tackle box. she has over 20 spotify playlists that trace a specific concept, like false starts/false endings, 2000s dialogue opening, and her magnum opus, songs for short attention spans, which includes over 200 songs that “totally switch up in the middle.” learn more about her hobby in her video interview with the outline, above.	spotify playlists spotify_playlists
spotify streams more than 30 million songs and has more than 2 billion playlists, which is why it’s sometimes hard to keep track of songs that come and go. if you’ve ever noticed that one of your favorite songs has stopped playing, don’t blame the algorithm right away; it just might mean that the song was removed from the streaming service.	spotify streaming
if you’re an avid waze user, there’s a reasonable chance that you tend to pop between waze and an audio app while you’re driving. well, if that audio app happens to be spotify, you’re in luck, because waze is integrating spotify controls directly into the app and vice versa.
	waze spotify
folk metal is a distinctly unique genre, combining the harsh, aggressive sound of heavy metal with the homespun traditions of folk music. this week’s playlist celebrates that fiery fusion.	music metal
some people can dig up great music like magic, or have friends inside the industry who keep them updated. some people are contented with their weekly spotify discover playlist. but if you need more ways to find music, here are 50 ideas, taken from twitter users, my colleagues at lifehacker’s publisher gizmodo media group, and some of my own habits. some are obvious, some bizarre, some embarrassing, but they’ve all helped people find their new favorite song, or even their favorite band.
	music spotify
lots of different
sounds can make you more productive while you work or study (particularly music
you&#39;re not familiar with), but video game soundtracks might be the best
option of them all if you need to concentrate.	music work
there’s a popular theory that video game soundtracks make great background music when you need to work or study. the idea is that the music is designed to motivate you without being distracting, but that’s not always the case. a lot of video game soundtracks can be over the top, obnoxious, or just plain bad—then there’s celeste.
	music
android: noon pacific is one of our favorite music services. every week you get fresh, new music in a curated playlist delivered right to your phone or mailbox. its android app just got a huge update too, one that’s worth a look.	android music
ios: noon pacific is one of our favorite little-known music services, and their ios app just picked up a major update that makes taking their playlists on the go much easier. unlike before, you can see full tracklists easily, skip as much as you want, switch mixtapes easily, and more—all for free.	ios music playlists

	streaming music apps and discovery services are a dime a dozen, but even the best ones have a hard time competing with the names everyone already knows. even so, getting out of your comfort zone a little bit and trying a new service will only reward you with tons of great new music. here are a few services we love that we think you&#39;ll love too.	music streaming_music streaming new_music
 hype machine is one of our favorite ways to discover new music, but if you&#39;re looking for something new to you, not necessarily new, time machine can take you back in time and show you the top tracks around the web of any given week from the past five years. 	music hype_machine
do you fondly recall the month or two we enjoyed the (original) mp3 mixtape maker muxtape? do you dig the hype machine blog or newer music in general? if so, you&#39;d better head over to hypetape.	muxtape mp3 music
remember loyalty? spotify doesn’t. the company’s previously announced update to its spotify connect platform unfortunately terminates the streaming service’s functionality on a variety of speakers ostensibly advertised as spotify-connected devices. some of them (from companies like onkyo and denon) very expensive spotify-connected devices. what does that mean for you? well, if you own a speaker not scheduled to receive any updates fixing the disconnect, according to the verge, you’ll have to find a new way to get audio out of it. instead of shopping around for a new streaming service that will ultimately disappoint you, why not cut out the middleman and start using a music library you actually own? advantages like uninterrupted music, increased portability, and increased longevity of the hardware you actually use make it worth the cost of a few albums.	spotify music
with streaming services like spotify, google play music, apple music, and soundcloud in the mix, the way we pay for music is a-changin’. have you gone full streaming? or do you still buy albums and song downloads?	music streaming spotify soundcloud apple_music streaming_services
amazon and google have been duking it out for the past few months, and it doesn’t look like the two companies will come to an agreement anytime soon. earlier this month, google announced plans to pull its youtube app from amazon’s fire tv streaming devices, along with the echo show, starting on january 1. thankfully, there’s a solution waiting in the wings.	youtube fire_tv amazon google
amazon is making it even easier to control your fire tv without straining yourself with the use of a physical remote. after adding the ability the control your television through an echo speaker over the summer, the company announced an update on thursday that adds even more voice-based controls across even more streaming apps.
	amazon fire_tv
firefox is still a strong browser, and with chrome getting heavier than ever, many are looking back to their old friend firefox as an alternative. plus, it’s still got one of the best, well-vetted extension libraries around. here are the essential firefox extensions you need to bend the web to your will.
	firefox_extensions firefox extensions
the to-do list is the crux of your daily productivity, but between all the task management apps out there, different productivity methods, and other miscellaneous life hacks, your to-do list has probably gotten cluttered and complicated. here’s how to take it back to basics and craft a to-do list that actually helps you get things done.	productivity task_management back_to_basics
 one of the nice things about productivity techniques like gtd is that they help you organize tasks based on how actionable, important, or quick to finish a given task is. the tag-it approach gives you more categories in which to drop your tasks, if you feel like you need more control over how they&#39;re organized. 	productivity gtd
i rely on one song to be my psych-up music before job interviews: the theme from the 2011 video game skyrim. the only place i’ve found the right version of this song is on youtube—the midi and orchestral arrangements just don’t cut it. but every time i’m in one of these high-stakes moments, i inevitably navigate away from youtube, or just lock my phone, and the stirring chants of dovahkiin! abruptly cut out.	youtube music
ambient noise apps drown out distractions so you can focus on your work, or generate serene, peaceful environments that encourage you to fall asleep. but with dozens you can download, it’s hard to know which is the best. noisli, white noise, and rain rain are all at the top of this game, so it’s time to crank them up to 11 and see which one creates so much atmosphere you could practically breathe in it.
	ambient_noise noisli white_noise rain_rain atmosphere apps
iphone: your favorite artist dropped a new album at midnight, and you wish you could be right next to your best friend to listen to it track-by-track and freak out over how great the music is, but unfortunately you’re both in different places. normally, you’d think the solution is to put the phone on speaker and just have a listening party that way. but there’s a better solution for that: an app —several, actually.	music
my wife and i try to divide our household chores equally: she cooks, i do the dishes. she buys groceries, i do the laundry. my easiest chore is setting the table. it takes about one minute and she has to remind me every time.
	household chores
you probably spend quite a few hours each week on household chores. if you&#39;re time-crunched and have always longed to ditch the duster to spend more time with your family or catch up on your favorite shows, it may be time to hire some help. here are a few things you should think about first, though.	
it’s just common sense that in order to keep peace in your household, chores should be split evenly between the people who live there. whether you share chores with roommates, a partner, or both, this two prong approach will get them to do more chores without a fight.
	household chores roommates
if you’ve just emerged from a time capsule in the 60s, welcome to the future! in this world, the majority of women have jobs, which means housework doesn’t come with a gender anymore. to keep your relationship healthy, it’s probably best to share it equally.
	housework work
music can affect you in a lot of positive ways, and motivation is a huge one. designating a house chore theme song that pumps you up can quickly turn a “i just don’t wanna” into “let’s do this!”
	motivation
if you find yourself staring at a sink full of dirty dishes, thinking it would take forever to do them, you’re shooting yourself in the foot. time yourself doing your chores and you’ll realize you get things done a lot faster than you thought.	chores
when google first launched its standalone streaming service youtube tv, there was only way to get that content on a television screen: using google chromecast. now there’s a second way: you can watch everything the service has to offer on an apple tv via the airplay functionality. 
	youtube television
now you can ask alexa to set the mood for you.
	alexa
this week amazon had its biggest shopping day ever, with the dot, the pint-sized version of the company’s echo, being the best seller of the day. while the device is most commonly used in homes (i have mine sitting in my living room so it can hear me around the apartment) a business insider reporter wrote about setting his up in a little bit of a different spot: his car. i’ve actually been using alexa on the road for roughly the past six months, and have found it really useful, arguably more-so than in my home.
	alexa
web/android/ios: noted.fm (formerly called nusiki), is already a great way to find new music, but now you can follow tons of music blogs, from popular to niche, to discover even more. one click and you can enjoy hot tracks from pitchfork, fuzzy logic, and more—all tailored to the music you like.	music ios android
when it’s time to cram for that exam, you need a playlist that can help you stay motivated without distracting you. today’s playlist helps with a selection of classical music.	music classical
 “sea chanteys are work songs, so they’re designed to coordinate effort between a group of people doing physical labor,”  says video producer jamison hermann, who sang them while working on ships at the mystic seaport maritime museum. “the saying in maritime historical circles is that a good chanteyman is worth ten sailors on a line”—because he helps everyone pull the rope at once. hermann put over 60 sea songs—just the pure a cappella stuff—into a collaborative spotify playlist, music for seaports. it’s classic productivity music, good for physical work. and for those of us who work at desks, it’s an excellent morning pick-me-up.	music spotify playlist
the new yorker ran a story yesterday about the emotional experience of listening to a tinny version of toto’s “africa” on youtube. the popular video simulates the sound of hearing the pop song echoing through an empty shopping mall. the piece nails the song’s effect:
	youtube
it&#39;s not surprising that music helps elicit the emotions necessary to cope with a negative situation. we&#39;ve known that music has interesting effects on the brain. it may seem counterintuitive, but sad music can actually make you feel better.	emotions music
it’s time to get your workout started. when you’re ready to switch into beast mode, the power workout playlist from spotify can help amp you up.	workout spotify
music can often make or break a day. it can change your mood, amp you up for exercise, and help you recover from injury. but how does it work exactly, and how can you use it to your advantage?	music exercise
if you&#39;re anxious to perform in front of people, take a test or you&#39;re just stressed out in general, psychology professor sian beilock suggests the best way to work through the fears might be to off-load them beforehand. alternately, you can simply hum a song to distract your brain.	psychology stress
of the many pleasures of working in the place that you live, blasting your own music might be the best. (that or going pantless.) to kick off work from home week, we built you a playlist for cranking up in the home office, or pumping through your earbuds to drown out the starbucks crowd.	music work_from_home_week work_from_home
music can put a skip in your step and turn your frown upside down. it can also drown out distractions and make you more productive. what are your favorite songs for zoning in and reaching maximum productivity?	productivity music
 when it&#39;s time to stop talking—or reading—about productivity and get some work done, you have plenty of options to choose from if you&#39;re looking for a system that will help you make the best use of your time and energy. last week we asked you which productivity techniques you turned to when you wanted to get down to business, and then we took a look at the top five, based on your nominations. now we&#39;re back to crown the overall winner. 	productivity technique work
every time i have a party, i spend an hour building a playlist, imagining my guests all gasping and dancing and reaching for shazam. instead they ignore the music until someone takes over the bluetooth speaker. so i asked for help from college student tj jones, who had a viral tweet this february when they shared the 11 playlists they used to categorize all their uber and lyft passengers, like “quiet ppl,” “fucking hipsters,” and “white dudes who look like they like rap”:
	music playlists
if you want to find some jams that were popular in canada in the 1950s to kick off your weekend—or just want a random assortment of trending songs by era and location for no particular reason—the website radiooooo is a great interactive trip. 	radio web
 streaming music sites are a dime-a-dozen, but internet radio services—the kind where you press play, sit back, and enjoy music that you know you&#39;ll love and only interact if you hear something you don&#39;t—are a rarer breed. sometimes you&#39;re in the mood to just listen to music, not be a dj. this week we&#39;re going to take a look at five of the best internet radio services, based on your nominations. 	music internet_radio radio streaming streaming_music internet
  one popular childhood project for many of us was building a crystal radio, but those radios still required a battery to run. make projects has come up with a newer version of this crystal radio that you can build with a bottle and no power source at all. 	radio
alexa routines are a useful way to trigger a bunch of different actions with a single voice command on your amazon echo. now, they’re getting even better, now that you can add specific songs, podcasts, and radio shows.	amazon_echo amazon alexa
seven-time grammy-winning pianist emanuel ax still practices his instrument four hours a day—when you play carnegie hall, you don’t just wing it. and sometimes, he admits, “it’s kind of a slog,” especially to practice a new piece: something written specifically for him, or something he’s never heard. “you get the music, and you try to learn it note by note.” in an interview with lifehacker, ax recommends several ways to make practicing an instrument more fun and productive.
	music emanuel_ax practice
if you&#39;re looking for an exercise that&#39;s fun, interesting, and will work out your entire brain, grab an instrument and start playing.	
if one of your goals is to learn to play music (or improve your playing), then this advice from musician dick hensold on how to practice strategically—with a limited amount of practice time—is for you. the key is what he calls &quot;proper cultivation&quot; of your technique.	music
while performing bach’s prelude from suite no. 1 for npr’s tiny desk concert series, cellist yo-yo ma offered some advice for building habits and becoming more skilled that apply well beyond the realm of music. 	
welcome to lesson 2 of how to fake playing piano, a piano-lesson series that skips the “hot cross buns” and teaches you how to bang around on a keyboard as if you know what you’re doing. yesterday, composer jason oberholtzer taught me how to play octaves and fifths with my left hand. today, he teaches how to play in the key of c.	piano
welcome to the final episode of how to fake playing piano, our video series on learning piano without getting bored. previously, composer and pianist jason oberholtzer taught you about octaves and fifths, notes, chords and keys, and making your own music. today he’ll show you how to explore almost any kind of music on the piano.	music piano
as a fan of music, i’d love to learn how to make a song. devoting time to learning music theory, however, isn’t exactly on my list of priorities. music lessons are intimidating, they’re a little inconvenient, and definitely pricey.
	music learning music_theory
update 2/2/18: while we fix the embedded video above, watch this video on youtube.	video
previously on how to fake playing piano, composer and musician jason oberholtzer taught you all the building blocks: what to do with your left hand, what to do with your right hand, and how chords work. today he puts it all together. in the video above, jason shows you how to noodle around on a piano and sound good, even if you have no idea what you’re doing.	piano music
when you&#39;re making music with a computer, you need quite a bit of gear to get the job done. it&#39;s hard to stay simple and organized, but portland-based thomas nevarez manages to pack the necessities into a minimal space he describes as &quot;turn-of-the-century-grassroots-modern.&quot; 	
 lately in my house we&#39;ve been having trouble getting kids ready for school on time. as the school year months drag on, this becomes a more normal complaint for many of you parents out there. as such we&#39;ve tried just about everything to get the kids to follow directions and be ready on time. as i observed my kids getting ready one week, i noticed their methods were not consistent. i wondered what would happen if we added some structure to the getting ready process. by creating a visual template, they will be able to see what they&#39;re supposed to do each and every day in order to be on time for school. i came up with a template for my kids that lets them check off for each day each step in the getting ready process (pictured above).my kids seem to love checking off items and at the end of the week, i trade a completed checklist for $2.00—so they get a bonus. so far, we haven&#39;t been late for school once and my wife and i have had much more relaxed mornings as a result. you can download this template in microsoft word format and edit it anyway you like to inspire your kids to get ready in the morning. let me know your results in the comments below.	kids
 designer laura cahill turns old books into gorgeous and unique vases and coffee tables. cahill says:
	books
 magazine love michael sliwinski slices and dices his favorite magazines before he goes to reduce bulk. he claims this not only gets him through a lot of magazines in record time, but it also decreases the sheer mass of them.
	magazines
dennis loves tech, loves making music, and of course, loves the medieval props he keeps around his desk, like that dragon on his case and the horn in front of his monitors. his workspace is sharp, simple, and well organized without being over the top.	workspace desk
scarehouse, one of pittsburgh’s most famous haunted house attractions, has earned national press, and praise from fantasy-horror director guillermo del toro. our sister site jezebel has written about margee kerr, designer of scarehouse’s attraction “the basement.” we talked to another leader at scarehouse: design manager nicole conniff, who started at the house in 2009 as a makeup artist and actor. she’s also a longtime vendor at the pittsburgh renaissance festival, where she  sells her own custom masquerade masks, terrariums, and candles. we asked her how she works.
	design haunted_house work
it’s that special time of year again when everyone is looking for a good scary story. and though podcasts more often conjure up the images of gentle interviews with creative types and soothing npr voices, more shows are moving into the territory of old-school radio plays, producing unsettling (and addictive) stories from true crime to horror. i hope you brought an extra pair of pants, ‘cause these podcasts bring the terror.	podcasts horror
nothing against dan carlin’s “hardcore history,” but it seems to eat up all the publicity for history podcasts. that’s a shame, because the podcast format is a fantastic way to dive into a thirty-hour history of the french revolution, or snack on a 12-minute account of how warren g. harding, betrayed by his corrupt cabinet, publicly projected all his feelings onto his dog laddie boy.	podcasts history
if you&#39;re exercising, commuting, or just killing a little time, a good podcast can be a great companion. the best ones are informative, entertaining, useful, or at least just fun to watch or listen to. let&#39;s talk about which ones are the best, and why you should subscribe to them. 	
the lifehacker podcast is back, and it’s called the upgrade! it’s a whole new format, but the same great tips and tricks to help you live your best life. whether you were an avid listener to the old ask lifehacker podcast, or never knew we even had a podcast, you’ll want to tune in for this.	podcast
we aim to please, and so saying &quot;no&quot; to a request can be a hard thing to do. we don&#39;t like to introduce negativity into the conversation, cause a possible confrontation, or have someone think less of us because we don&#39;t agree. that said, it&#39;s often important to turn things down. we can&#39;t do it all. here&#39;s how you can say no to just about anything without being an asshole. 	no asshole
vampire lollipops? arcing electricity? animatronic ghouls? we&#39;ve got that and more in today&#39;s roundup of halloween diy projects. come for the pumpkin with laser-beam eyes and stick around for the melon brains.	halloween diy
if you need free music for your party we have you covered whether you need rock, classical, or kid&#39;s music. 	free_music
hey gang, i’m hosting a live q&amp;a this friday at 3:00 p.m. et, noon pt! come ask me some questions, tell me your interesting stories, and just shoot the shit with me for half an hour or so.
	q&a
there’s more to a travel photographer’s kit than a camera body and a few lenses. here are the essentials the pros always keep close at hand.
	travel
there’s nothing wrong with letting out a good sneeze (as long as you cover your nose and mouth), but sometimes you need to be quiet or avoid attention. if you need to prevent a sneeze, you can do a simple trick with your nose.	sneeze
with warm weather comes pollen, and that means seasonal allergies for a lot of people. nasal sprays are  an effective way to treat the symptoms, but over reliance with some varieties can actually make you feel worse in the long run.
	allergies
the term mansplaining is relatively new, but the concept is an old one. if you’re not familiar, the term refers to when someone (most often a man, thus mansplain) explains something to someone (typically a female) in a condescending or patronizing way. if you’re a woman, then chances are this happens to you on a weekly if not daily basis. however, figuring out what to do about it can be a bit challenging.
	
it’s equal pay day, a day dedicated to bringing awareness to the wage gap. it’s narrowed since the ‘60s, but there’s still progress to be made, especially considering naysayers still believe the gap doesn’t exist.
	wage_gap equal_pay
a 2014 study by the human rights campaign found that 53 percent of lgbt individuals remain closeted at work. according to audrey gallien, director of marketing for catalyst, a workplace inclusion advocacy organization, even when businesses attempt to provide an inclusive environment, individuals “still must face the inter-personal risk of ‘bringing their full self’ to work”—in other words, they risk their relationship with their manager, team members, or clients changing for the worse.	work human_rights
discussing lgbt rights in conservative religious communities can be particularly challenging, both for people who are newly out and for those of us who simply wish that everyone would just hurry up and get with the civil-rights program. one can feel that those who reject the rights of lgbt people on religious grounds are using dogma as a fig leaf to hide their bigotry, and  in many cases that’s probably true. but there remain a large number of people raised in religious traditions who nonetheless have changed their views on the place of lgbt people in the broader community—and even in the narrower world of their church community.	lgbt_rights
i spent the day without a woman at a mini-conference for aspiring activists. it neatly solved the problem of what to actually do when you’re refusing to work or spend money. (other options: tweet to raise awareness? sneak into a showing of hidden figures?) here’s what i learned.
	
since the election, a lot of people have turned to activism as a productive outlet for their outrage. outrage can be overwhelming, though: you often feel like opting out just to keep from losing your mind. focus your attention on one or two issues to keep this from happening.	election
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love love
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice
you’ve got problems, i’ve got advice. this advice isn’t sugar-coated—in fact, it’s sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. welcome to tough love.
	tough_love advice love
after seeing a thousand late-night supplement ads on tv, you probably have a vague sense that prostate care is important for men. but did you also know that playing with your prostate can feel insanely good, and lead to explosive orgasms? here’s how to keep your prostate healthy, and have a ton of fun doing so.
	men prostate health
one size doesn&#39;t fit all when it comes to sex toys, and the same goes for cleaning them. you can&#39;t wash and dry everything the same way—it depends on what material they&#39;re made out of. 	sex sex_toys
nobody likes a rambler. sure, it feels good to talk about yourself, but other people won’t find it nearly as interesting as you think. you can avoid ruining a good conversation by keeping a simple rule in mind.	conversation rambler
maybe you talk too much in conversation; maybe you clam up. either way, communication skills don’t come naturally for everyone. for a better conversational flow, use the 50/50 ratio for talking and listening.	communication conversation listening talking
i played baseball for 17 years. i had incredible teammates. i spent thousands of hours practicing and training. and after my senior season, i was named an espn academic all–american. it’s safe to say that being a baseball player was an important part of my identity. it gave me a sense of purpose. and then, one day, i graduated and my career was over.	
when you head home to visit family, tons of childhood memories will come rushing back, along with some old family dynamics too. some dynamics, like inside jokes or age-old traditions, are comforting and great. but others, like teasing, babying, or people not taking you seriously—not so much. you may be a full-grown adult now, but parents and siblings can make you feel like you’re eight years old all over again.	family siblings parents home
if you’re the kind of person who spends the first ten minutes of the lyft ride to the airport worrying that you accidentally left the oven on—even if you didn’t even use the oven that day—you can quell your anxious brain with a quick smartphone precaution.	worry oven
stress can be terribly damaging. although it&#39;s normal to get stressed every so often, much of what we worry about doesn&#39;t come to pass. this illustration could help keep things in perspective.	stress
everybody needs a little guidance sometimes, and this year we spent a good chunk of time dishing it out. whether you’re doing some traveling, saving money, seeking your life’s purpose, or wondering if you should send that dick pic, here’s our best advice of 2017.	advice
when i recently advised that new york city visitors skip times square, i was met with righteous anger by people who don’t live in new york. to be clear: you’re allowed to visit times square! but you’re not allowed to go there, then tell everyone that new york is smelly, crowded, too expensive, and full of jerks. that’s like going to disney world and deciding everyone in florida is named mickey mouse.
	times_square new_york_city
if your holiday season involved getting a new backpack, purse, or suitcase as a gift, you’re no doubt thinking of what you’ll stuff inside the thing, along with what to keep out of it (you don’t need four of the same day planner). we scoured the web and found some pretty tricked out bags this year, so take a look at some of the best featured bags of 2017.
	featured_bag
antarctica is one of the most extreme places on earth, and audio equipment is known to be finicky. so, what does an audio engineer take with them? everyday carry reader nerio shares his gear for an upcoming trip.
	audio
sometimes, you need to take your job with you. if you’re a filmmaker, that means lugging around the exact amount of equipment you need, no less and no more. case in point, reader alex moreán’s bag.	film
traveling light might mean carrying only the essentials, but it might make it harder to stay connected if you’re on the go without a way to top off your devices. that doesn’t mean you have to ditch every creature comfort or cool gadget, just that you’ll need to get some smaller ones, and perhaps use some, let’s say, unorthodox charging equipment to keep yourself juiced.
	
we knew it was coming, but on tuesday, fcc chairman ajit pai announced his plan to gut net neutrality and  hand over control of the internet to service providers like comcast, at&amp;t and verizon (which also happens to be pai’s former employer).
	net_neutrality internet
today, chairman of the federal trade communications commission, ajit pai outlined his new plan to loosen the fcc’s oversight of internet service providers. as expected, his dream plan effectively kills off many of the ideas of net neutrality.
	fcc net_neutrality internet internet_service_providers
today, the fcc voted to pass the open internet order, which will classify the internet as a utility under title ii regulations. here&#39;s what that mess of jargon means and how it affects you.	internet fcc
the fcc has proposed an end to net neutrality, meaning the possible end of a free and open internet. under net neutrality rules, the fcc requires internet service providers like comcast and at&amp;t to give equal footing to all websites and internet services.
	net_neutrality fcc internet
we&#39;ve dropped the net neutrality term around here a few times, but you may not entirely understand what it&#39;s all about. here&#39;s a primer on what net neutrality is, how it might affect you, and what you can do about it.	net_neutrality
net neutrality is on the chopping block, and one drum that fcc chairman ajit pai keeps beating is the idea that without government intervention, broadband companies like your internet service provider and wireless carrier will regulate themselves. let’s see what history has to say about that.
	net_neutrality fcc broadband wireless
it’s time to wrap up evil week, and what better way than by pitting two of the most evil industries against each other. today, we’re flipping our usual script upside down to find out who’s worse: cell carriers or cable companies.	evil_week carriers cable_companies evil
when you’re defending your position, your natural inclination is probably to start with the arguments that make the most sense to you. however, if you want to persuade someone to your side, it can help to begin with how they see things.	argument
what’s your nightmare, since november 8th? perhaps your subconscious, like mine, has reserved 3am-5am for an exercise i like to call “panic town,” a half-awake, blurry, mental recitation of anything that could go catastrophically wrong for the country, or for you personally, or for...literally anyone. it’s a fun two hours! then i read the news.
	
word travels fast when a news event is breaking. even across the country from las vegas, people who hadn’t gone to bed yet found it hard to sleep as they watched the body count rise and saw information drip out about what happened and who the shooter might be. but mixed in with the truth were half-truths, hoaxes, and lies.
	las_vegas
in a perfect world, no one would have to worry about the threat of violence when they go shopping, to work, to school, take public transit, or just go about their daily business. unfortunately, we don&#39;t live in a perfect world. the least we can do, among offering tips to help you make the most of your life, is to help you preserve it in an emergency.	violence
gun laws can vary greatly between states, and they can be hard to find when you’re just digging through your state’s dense legislative information. if you want to know how firearms are supposed to be handled in your neck of the woods, here’s what you can do.	law laws
at the end of every year, we take a look back at our most popular posts to reminisce (and to help you catch any stuff you might have missed). here’s one last look at our best posts in 2016.	
2017 was a tough year for many of us, and what better way to get through these past twelve months than by getting it on? here, in no particular order, are the posts that offered up some helpful tips (and blessed distraction) this year. 	
would you rather have an erection when the time is right, or the reassurance that you won’t have a panic attack in the middle of your work presentation? an orgasm, or the ability to get out of bed tomorrow morning?	
a study from april’s journal of sexual medicine found that a whopping 30% of women experienced pain during their last sexual experience. sadly, a lot of women operate under the assumption that sex is inherently painful, and that all you can do is grit your teeth and get through it. nothing could be further from the truth. if sex is ever uncomfortable for you, here are some better ideas for what to do.	sex pain
at some point in your life, you or one of your partners will almost inevitably have to deal with a major injury or illness. if it’s only a temporary setback rather than a permanent disability, you’re extremely fortunate—but any sort of malady can really throw a wrench into all aspects of your life, including sex. here’s how to make space for intimacy even when you’re grappling with your health. 	sex illness
you actively look for pregnant ladies to give your seat to on the bus. you always hold open doors for strangers. you help your friend lug a sofa across town and up five flights to their new apartment. you’re a nice person. 	
most people think of sex as a nighttime activity—but it can be even more enjoyable first thing in the morning. you were going to hit the snooze button a few times anyway, so why not do something fun instead? here’s how to have fantastic morning sex. 	sex
talking about sex with friends is a double-edged sword. on the one hand, being able to be open and honest about sex is critical to developing a healthy relationship with your sexuality. and sometimes you just need advice from your friends. on the other hand, your sex life is usually something you have  in common with a partner a, and they don’t get a say in what you reveal to your pals. when you think about one of your partners sharing information about you it makes you think twice about divulging all the juicy details to your friends, right?
	sex
as a sex therapist, i hear from innumerable couples who struggle with sexual compatibility. one partner wants it more than the other, or one partner is into different things than the other. sex feels disjointed, and partners feel like they&#39;re not on the same page.	sex
being stuck in traffic sucks, being stuck in holiday traffic is even worse. if you’re driving this holiday season, load up your phone with an amazing podcast or two to make the traffic a little less hellish. you might even start hoping the drive doesn’t end too soon, so you can finish the episode you’re on. 	traffic holiday_traffic
at the live recording for our podcast, the upgrade, our guests went around to share their upgrades of the week. while the theme of the evening was “how to fail,” our guests had some success stories, too.	the_upgrade how_to_fail
we’ve all heard the advice to put gravel in the bottom of a plant pot, and some of us may even have done it. but gravel doesn’t improve drainage in any meaningful way, and you’re probably better off without it.	
if you want to add a little green to your home—whether it’s green for nature’s sake or green because you like the idea of growing food—you don’t need a lot of space to do it. here are some suggestions to add a little plant life to your home or office, no matter what size it is.	
winter doesn’t mean you can’t have plants in your yard, but if you have potted ones on your deck or patio, you should be careful which materials those containers are made out of. the last thing you want is your all-weather plant to die because the pot shattered or rusted in the cold or snow. 	winter plants
comedian and youtuber akilah hughes joined the conversation on “how to fail” at our recent live podcast recording for the upgrade. 	the_upgrade how_to_fail akilah_hughes youtube
chris gethard is a famous comedian, podcast host, and author—but it took him a long time to get to where he is today. his new book lose well is all about growing from failure, so he had lots to share at our live podcast recording of the upgrade’s episode on “how to fail.”	the_upgrade chris_gethard how_to_fail failure podcast
in high school, our hockey coach was a demigod. hockey at the school was so important it nearly transcended the concept of sports. our coach was a natural teacher and dexterously wove in life lessons into nearly every hockey lesson. and there were a lot of hockey lessons.	
failure is the most important step to reaching success, but it can still feel like it&#39;s crushing your soul.  to make failure your friend and not your enemy, you must overcome it.  here are some strategies for moving on after a tough break.	failure success
it is said that failure is a necessary precursor to ultimate success. want to make it big in the real world? fail early, fail fast, fail often, as the saying goes.	success failure
there’s an aspiring adventurer, entrepreneur or novelist in all of us. yet when it comes to chasing after our goals and dreams we’re often too scared to take the leap. fear holds us back. it destroys dreams. it kills productivity and, in all honesty, sucks the fun out of life.	goals fear
at the live recording for our podcast, the upgrade, comedian chris gethard admitted to having taken toilet paper from a previous employer (in his words a “manhattan improv theater”—try to guess which one). 	the_upgrade toilet_paper
not to be overly presumptuous, but if you’re a person who’s alive in the world at 2018, there’s a good chance that sometimes, you need help calming down.	
lies are inevitable, but getting duped isn&#39;t. when you&#39;re in the presence of a liar, you can often uncover the truth by paying attention to very specific nonverbal cues. you just need to ask the right questions and observe their body language to catch them in the act. 	language
the nod, the popular gimlet media podcast about black life and culture hosted by brittany luse and eric eddings, is back from summer vacation after completing its first year. luse and eddings have been podcasting for a lot longer than that, working on other gimlet shows and making their independent podcast for colored nerds, which ran for three years and 42 episodes. we talked to them about blocking out time, forgiving yourself when you’re working hard, and the edit meetings that can transform an episode.
	work podcasting gimlet_media
i’m a tremendous fan of dark modes. they’re easier on your eyes and your computer’s battery, and i think make using sites and apps a lot more pleasant. unfortunately, not every site offers a dark mode (this one included). however, this week i came across a web extension that can make the magic happen anywhere you want it to.
	dark_mode
staring at bright screens—especially at night—can be a pain in the butt and/or eyes. and it’s difficult to resist the temptation for “just one more video...” when you’re settling down for the evening. thankfully, google just updated the youtube app for  ios to include the same kind of “dark mode” you’ll find on its web site, which should make your evening cat video binges a little easier.
	youtube ios
 mac only: free utility shades adds finer screen brightness controls to your mac than the defaults. once you install the shades preference pane and turn it on, you can brighten or darken your screen across a much wider range than the mac&#39;s built-in controls, and make your laptop in bed much more bearable to your sleepy significant other or the guy on the red-eye flight in the next seat. shades doesn&#39;t affect os x&#39;s default controls and color profiles. if you get carried away by the range shades provides and dim your screen too dark, alt+esc will set it back to the default brightness. thanks eyermonkey!
	brightness screen
if you’ve gone to youtube to watch an unofficial upload of a tv episode, or even a single scene from your favorite anime, you’ve probably seen the weird things uploaders do to stop youtube from taking down their videos. your show might be sped up a bit, the voices pitched down, the video flipped horizontally or covered in digital snowfall. maybe you suffered through it, recognizing that this degraded quality is a necessary sacrifice to avoid youtube’s copyright bots. the bad news is, it was probably completely unnecessary.	tv youtube copyright anime
as jezebel reports, architectural criticism blog mcmansion hell, which takes pictures from real estate listings and adds witty and educational commentary, is fighting a legal threat from real estate site zillow, which demanded that blogger kate wagner remove all images sourced from their site. the digital-rights defense group electronic frontier foundation quickly came to wagner’s defense. as of this afternoon, zillow told gizmodo that they’ve backed down, but that according to the eff, wagner will stop using zillow pictures in the future. does she have to?
	
for generations, a picture was worth a thousand words. now, in the social network age, a picture is worth a few hundred likes, some +1&#39;s, a handful of retweets, stumbles, tumbles, pins, and shares of all sorts. oh, and those original thousand words. 	
by stewart rutledge	
when you find a picture online that would be perfect for your project, it&#39;s hard to know whether you&#39;re allowed to use it.  follow this flow chart to know for sure and avoid getting yourself in any trouble.	chart
most of us are comfortable using bittorrent to download files, but the popular file-sharing protocol is also a great tool for sharing your own stuff with family, friends, or the world at large. here&#39;s the basics of creating your own torrent.	bittorrent

 
 click to viewdespite the fact that bittorrent has been around for a good 6 years now, the lightning fast file sharing protocol hasn&#39;t completely taken off in the mainstream. since we post a decent amount about bittorrent around here, we figured it was just time we put out a beginner&#39;s guide to bittorrent. this is the guide you can send to your friend next time he gets that glassy look in his eyes when you mention bittorrent and how quick and easy it makes downloading albums educational, public domain videos and other large files.	bittorrent file_sharing
the torrentfreak blog brings us a 5 useful tips for speeding up bittorrent downloads.	bittorrent tips
click to viewyou&#39;re a bittorrent freak, so why should you let a little thing like being away from your home computer stop you from getting your fix? using the popular, free utorrent client, you can control your bt downloads from anywhere using a full-featured web interface.	bittorrent downloads feature top utorrent
general-interest blog ceramic owl mug shows you how to configure your pc to download tv shows, convert them to ipod format and queue them for copying on your next sync.	ipod tv
torrent is a bittorrent client for windows designed to be easy on the cpu but high on features. recently released torrent 1.2 is feature rich, including:	bittorrent torrent
windows only: convert nearly any video file to an ipod-friendly format with videora ipod converter.	ipod video




web site utorrent mui (mini user interface, presumably) provides access to your utorrent bittorrent downloads through a mobile-optimized web interface. that means that if you&#39;re running utorrent (currently windows-only, but a mac version is in the works) and you&#39;ve installed the webui, all you need to do is point your mobile browser to http://utorrentmui.com/ and log in with your webui username and pass. if you just want to control your torrents from any desktop browser, or you need help installing and configuring the utorrent webui, check out my step-by-step guide.
	bittorrent top windows utorrent
by adam pash	
over at poromenos&#39; stuff there is a great tutorial that&#39;ll show you how to send files with bittorrent.	bittorrent
if you&#39;re unhappy with your current browser, opera has just released version 9 of their speedy, popular browser with a lot of cool new built-in features.	opera
bittorrent&#39;s been around for a whopping ten years, but it continues to evolve and remains one of the best file-sharing tools available. if you really want to make your downloads soar—and keep big brother out of your business—this guide&#39;s for you.	bittorrent big_brother
by gina trapani	
by gina trapani	
by gina trapani	
if you&#39;ve been reading lifehacker for more than 2 hours, you know we&#39;re more than just friends with firefox. (in fact, i made a tittering fool of myself when i met firefox lead engineer ben goodger in person recently. hi ben! swear i&#39;m not a weirdo stalker!!) but fangirldom aside, the one thing about the &#39;fox that&#39;s always chapped my clicker is its memory footprint. no matter how much i kiss its sweet lips and coo sweet nothings into its ear, firefox.exe is always at the top of my running process list sorted by &quot;mem usage.&quot;	firefox memory top
the nikak weblog suggests creating a separate firefox profile for your work browsing in order to avoid the distractions of the always-beckoning interweb.	firefox work
by adam pash	
dear lifehacker,



is there a way to &quot;package up&quot; all of your firefox settings, themes, bookmarks, extensions and customizations that you have worked so hard over the past years to perfect? i am in the process of moving companies and i have my browser set up just the way i want it on my current work computer. i don&#39;t want to have to spend the next few years trying to get it back!



thanks,



invested in firefox	firefox
with the recent outing of former rep. mark foley&#39;s salacious im trysts, it&#39;s probably a good time to revisit privacy here at the lifehacker cave, especially when stats such as these from the wall street journal are popping up:	privacy
every time you watch a video, youtube shows you a dozen more in the sidebar, most of them weirder and worse than what you’re watching. they’re obnoxious and distracting, they can lead kids to inappropriate videos, and according to a wall street journal test, they tend to get more extreme the more you click. here’s how to hide them.
	youtube
if your youtube home page is a mess of junk you don&#39;t care about with suggested channels or suggested videos that just don&#39;t matter to you, addictive tips shows off an easy way to clean up both so you get the suggestions you actually want to see. 	youtube
dark mode, a feature that replaces your usual black-on-white display with white-on-black, is easier on the eyes and makes you feel like you own bitcoin. the site dark mode list lists macos apps, ios apps, and websites that support the feature, and tells you how to enable each one.	dark_mode ios macos mac
windows 10&#39;s interface is pretty slick, but if you’re not a fan of bright colors on your screen, it might be a little hard on the eyes. you can switch to a darker theme for many system apps with a little tweak.	windows_10
using a “dark mode” on your favorite website, app, or operating system feels great. it’s perfect for dark rooms or airplanes, when you need to conserve your battery a little, or you’re just tired of having sore eyes from staring at a screen for hours.
	dark_mode
procrastination is necessary sometimes, but when you really have to get things done, sometimes all you need is to get started. if you’re struggling, focus on something small. even an answered email, short report finished, or another small win is all it takes to build a little momentum to tackle the big stuff.	procrastination
most of us—no matter how many time-saving techniques we employ—don’t have enough time to waste. but productivity comes at a cost: having that down time is extremely beneficial. we fight against boredom, distraction, and procrastination all the time, but that doesn’t mean you should get rid of them completely.	procrastination boredom productivity
last week i learned that a 15-20 minute nap between the hours of 1:00 and 3:00 pm could cure your afternoon slowness. still skeptical, i thought i&#39;d put it to the test and see if it really made a difference. here&#39;s what i discovered. 	nap
there is a concept in chemistry known as activation energy. activation energy is the minimum amount of energy that must be available for a chemical reaction to occur. let’s say you are holding a match and that you gently touch it to the striking strip on the side of the match box. nothing will happen because the energy needed to activate a chemical reaction and spark a fire is not present.	
james j. sexton is a divorce lawyer who has spent his career working with couples whose marriages are dissolving. he’s learned a lot throughout the years about what sours a good marriage (or ends a relationship that’s already in trouble), and now he’s using that knowledge to help the rest of us. his new book is if you’re in my office it’s already too late: a divorce lawyer’s guide to staying together.
	divorce
statistician nathan yau recently examined data from the census bureau’s 5-year american community survey from 2015 and calculated which professions have the highest and lowest divorce rates. want a stable marriage? marry an actuary, a field that has a 17% divorce rate. gaming managers and bartenders have a less-terrific marital track record, however, at almost 53% and 52%, respectively. 	divorce marriage
once a marriage is far enough gone, the only remaining question is “how hard is it going to be to untangle our legal and financial lives and (if relevant) sort out custody?” for some couples, separating via mediation rather than litigated divorce has its appeal: many people don’t want to cast their former spouses in the role of enemy, and mediation is a cheaper, more cooperative, and less adversarial process than a war of the roses-type brawl.	marriage divorce mediation
at first, it sounds like a huge red flag: oh, my husband and i have each other on find my friends, the crazy woman says cheerfully to her friends at the bar. i use it all the time. let’s see where he is now! well, spoiler alert, the crazy woman is me and this is one of the least clingy things i do in my whole dang life.	find_my_friends
android: google+ for android picked up some new features today, including the ability to switch among google accounts more easily, manage google+ pages easily, access to all of your photos and videos stored on google drive from within the google+ app, and more location sharing options to keep up with your friends.	android google+ google location_sharing google_drive photos
the first important decision a married couple makes is ... how to get married. black tie at the ritz? clambake at the shore? backyard potluck? research shows you might be better off with a cheap—but well-attended—wedding. scott stanley and galena k. rhoades, professors and researchers for the institute of family studies, report that while the cost of weddings has been rising, the number of guests has been falling.
	weddings
if you’ve ever planned a wedding, you’ve probably heard that using the word “wedding” can be costly. in this video, a wedding videographer explains why vendors charge more for the same services on your big day. they also offer some insight on how to get around it.	
giving a speech or presentation in front of others is pretty nerve-wracking. if you remind yourself of the “three audience truths” before you go up in front of people, however, you’ll give yourself an opportunity to calm down and focus on your message.
	speech
you may be incredibly close with the bride and groom, but that doesn’t mean you should stray from the registry in an attempt to give something more personal. recent research suggests doing so sends the wrong signals.
	research
where there’s dancing, there’s usually drinks. this video shows you how to dance with a drink your hand and never spill a drop.	dancing
no matter how in tune you are with your partner, misunderstandings
and communication gaffes are always possible. here are five of the most common,
yet avoidable communication mistakes that could harm a relationship. 	communication
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and a guide to using its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	mid-week_meditations stoic
welcome back to mid-week meditations, lifehacker’s weekly dip into the pool of stoic wisdom, and how you can use its waters to reflect on and improve your life.
	mid-week_meditations stoic
time is something we all wish we had more of, but it’s unfortunately a finite resource. whether you’re trying to be less flaky, or you can’t seem to ever be on time for anything, it can help to remember that time is valuable for everyone.	time
our parents warned us about it, but it’s hard to understand until you experience it first hand: as you get older, time seems to fly. it catches you off guard, probably because it’s such a powerful and bizarre concept. you can’t add more time to the clock, but by understanding how this phenomenon works, you can at least try to make life seem like it’s passing by a little slower.	time
by training you to be in the present, mindfulness can increase your focus in whatever you do and also reduce stress. one way to become more mindful at work is to check in with yourself regularly, such as every hour. 	mindfulness stress work
body language is a huge part of how we communicate with other people. however, most of us only have an intuitive knowledge of non-verbal communication at best. fortunately, if reading body language doesn&#39;t come naturally to you, or if you&#39;d simply like to get better at it, there&#39;s a huge body of work that details what the body is really saying.	communication body_language
it may seem like some people are born likable, but everyone is capable of developing charisma.  no matter your personality, there are certain traits you can practice and apply to your own behavior that can possibly make you seem more magnetic, trustworthy, and influential.  here are the basics to developing charisma.	
recently i sat down with a new friend i met for dinner. we talked about what it takes to achieve the goals you want to achieve in life. my friend is already a very accomplished marketing professional. and yet, there was lots more she wanted to do. one conclusion i kept coming back to in this talk is that a large amount of how successful you will be in life comes down to the people you spend time with. 	success goals
mondays are long, busy, stressful, and apparently, according to instacart sales data, not very sexy. sorry, monday.
	sex data
the first stage of dating someone can be exciting, invigorating, and intoxicating—but it can also be perilous if you’re not careful. if you see too many of these red flags flying instead of fireworks, you might want to look for love elsewhere.	dating love
in this episode we talk to stephen snyder, a sex and couples therapist and the author of love worth making: how to have ridiculously great sex in a long-lasting relationship. we’ll discuss why you should be sexually selfish, how the idea of “desire” can mess up your sex life, and why stephen is against cuddling. 	sex
if your cinco de mayo celebrations have you tossing back a few aged tequila shots today, consider ditching the lime and salt with those shots for a grapefruit with a dusting of cinnamon instead.
	tequila
cancún is already pretty well-packaged for tourists. so this week’s hack your city is a challenge: what lays undiscovered in this young city? what has sprung up outside the crowded strip of beach resorts? and what tricks help locals get by in this tourist-dominated town?
	beach
this week hack your city went down—and also under—to sydney, australia. we asked for tips on visiting sydney, and what sets it apart from other popular australian cities. “melbourne is more like san francisco, while sydney is more like l.a.,” says reader outtacontext. here’s some of the best advice we got about the town that britain’s convicts built.	australia sydney cities
does the sydney opera house really exist outside of global montages from disaster movies? let’s find out! this week on hack your city, we’re going to sydney, the largest city in australia.
	australia sydney
for the first time on “hack your city,” we went way outside our usual anglophone range. while most editions of this column boil down to restaurant and bar recs, our tokyo edition addresses some more fundamental differences that an american tourist needs to know. if you’re visiting for the first time, read all 66 of the best comments on the original post. but for those who are just curious, we’ve compiled the highlights below.
	tokyo hack_your_city
we’re sixteen weeks into hack your city, so maybe it’s time to talk about the largest metropolitan area in the world. tokyo, which houses and employs a full 30% of japan’s population, is where new yorkers go to feel small. like any city of its size, it’s got more to do than you could explore in a lifetime. but it’s surprisingly clean, safe, and visitor-friendly.
	tokyo japan
i’ve got a lovely bunch of london hacks, bum-ba-be-bum. here they are a-quoted all below. your hack your city columnist is on dayquil today, and just conscious enough to guide you through the best tips for london, collected from our smart and probably beautiful readers earlier this week. go look at the whole thread, or read the best of the best right here.
	hack_your_city london
we’ve solved new york. chicago. san francisco. and the biggest apple of them all, phoenix. now it’s time for los angeles, the city where you can become anything, and vegetable juice can become lunch. looking out from the hollywood hills, you can almost smell the possibilities; they’ve even triggered an air quality advisory.
	los_angeles
you know the movie chicago, the sinatra song “chicago,” and the band chicago? they’re all based on a real city! and when we asked residents of that city for their best chicago hacks, they gave us hundreds of them. here are some of the best.	chicago
it might seem unfair that chicago is always compared to new york and los angeles, the only two larger cities in the u.s. but it’s a compliment: it beats l.a. in transit, and beats nyc in  none of its waterways being a superfund site. of course, the snow hits hard, crime is high, and sometimes the river’s green.
	cities chicago
the hardy lifehacker reader can survive anywhere, from the beautiful trash bag of new york city to the bejeweled hill-pile of san francisco, and even outside coastal metropoles. this week on hack your city, you told us how to enjoy ourselves, and even live to tell about it, in phoenix, arizona. here are the best tips from that comment thread.
	phoenix arizona hack_your_city
arizona’s capital and the fifth-biggest city in the country, phoenix boomed after world war ii as air conditioning made the city tolerable for more than farmers and ranchers. the canal-irrigated town became a real city of industry, home to offices for ibm, petsmart, u-haul, and honeywell, with a freewheeling construction and real estate market that often outpaces demand.	phoenix arizona
you gave us your best tips and hacks for san francisco—not just how to visit, but how to make a life there. for a west-coast city of under a million people, sf is remarkably storied, varied, and resilient. here are our favorite tips.	san_francisco
san francisco is a truly three-dimensional city. as each of its elevations was colonized in a different way, the physical strata sometimes mirror the social strata in neighborhoods like the tellingly named nob hill.	san_francisco
for most people, visiting san francisco’s museum of modern art isn’t exactly a casual trip. i’ve lived in san francisco 6 years and have only made it once. however, now you can see some of the art from the museum by just texting the museum and asking. i’ve seen more art from its collection this afternoon than i have in years.
	art
buying a house is a big financial decision, and you need to make sure you’re able to pay for it. if you’re comparing cities, this chart shows you how much you need to earn in 27 major cities before you can safely buy a home.
	home
every week, we share the shortcuts, workspaces, and productivity tips of our favorite experts. this week, we’re going behind the scenes at lifehacker. i’m heather hass, and this is how i work.
	work productivity
every week, we share the shortcuts, workspaces, and productivity tips of our favorite experts. this week, we’re going behind the scenes at lifehacker. and “we” is “i,” current editor of this series. i’m nick douglas, and this is how i work.
	work productivity
macos: we love bartender, the $15 app that lets you hide menu bar items of your choice. but there’s a simpler, cheaper app that does the same thing. vanilla hides your menu bar items for just $5. and you can try it for free.
	menu_bar vanilla bartender
mac: if you have a giant screen or you tend to work on multiple desktops, the menu bar on your mac might feel miles away. menumate’s a simple app that lets you pull up everything on an app’s menu bar with a keyboard shortcut.
	mac menu_bar
i hate going more than ten seconds with nothing but my own thoughts to entertain me. when i walk three blocks, i listen to a podcast. i read twitter while i pee. what i hate the most is brushing and flossing. i can’t hold my phone, i can’t talk, i can’t admire myself in the mirror because i’m foaming at the mouth. i can’t stand it as an adult, so imagine how hard it is for a child.
	
every week, we share the shortcuts, workspaces, and productivity tips of our favorite experts. this week, we’re going behind the scenes at lifehacker. i’m virginia k. smith, and this is how i work.	work productivity
a hot cup of coffee in the morning just hits the spot. when it cools down to room temperature, it&#39;s not the same. keep your brew warm by priming your mug with hot water.	coffee
disclaimer: this isn’t so much a “tiny hack”—a tag we at lifehacker use for simple tricks—so much as a “tiny pleasure.” it’s something that i do every day that makes me happy. it doesn’t improve anything except the flavor of my mornings, and everyone should give it a shot. (that’s an espresso pun right there.)	
every week, we share the shortcuts, workspaces, and productivity tips of our favorite experts. this week, we’re going behind the scenes at lifehacker. i’m melissa kirsch, and this is how i work.
	work productivity
every week, we share the shortcuts, workspaces, and productivity tips of our favorite experts. this week, we’re going behind the scenes at lifehacker. i’m levi sharpe, and this is how i work.
	work productivity
apple cider vinegar has been a multipurpose folk remedy for decades, touted as a disinfectant, a natural way to replenish skin and hair, and a superfood with all kinds of benefits. science has backed a few of these purposes, for vinegar in general, but the observable results are pretty meh.	vinegar apple_cider_vinegar food
amazon’s prime rewards credit card has long been a favorite for amazon users because of its three percent back on all amazon purchases. now, that’s upped to five percent for both new and existing card holders.
	amazon chase
sending money to other people is easier now than it’s ever been, and there are several great apps that can do it quickly, and for free. earlier in the week we asked for your favorites, then looked at five of the best ways to send money online, and now we’re back to highlight the winner of our poll.	money sending_money
last night, jpmorgan chase &amp; co revealed the scope of a data breach that affects 83 million households and small business accounts. there&#39;s good news and there&#39;s bad news.	chase news
a good rewards card will give you perks and benefits, and as long as you use it wisely, it can actually be a great tool to help you save money—not fall into debt. last week we asked for your favorites, then looked at the five best rewards credit cards. now we&#39;re back to highlight the community favorite. 	credit_cards money credit rewards
a credit card can be a useful tool if you know how to use it, and rewards cards offer great perks to smart shoppers with financial savvy. this week, we&#39;re looking at five of the best, based on your nominations.	credit rewards
in this latest episode of the upgrade, mike steib, ceo of xo group and author of the career manifesto: discover your calling and create an extraordinary life talks about figuring out your purpose, taking calculated risks and finding a fulfilling career.	the_upgrade career
if you&#39;re not sure which direction your career should go in, you&#39;re thinking about making a career change, or you just want to feel more fulfilled in your career, these ten tips might help.	career
you study hard in college and it lands you a steady, decent paying job.  but when someone asks you what you do for a living, you cringe.  if you find yourself constantly dreading that question, it could be time to look for a new profession.	
most of us have a variety of skills and interests, which makes choosing a career path tricky. rasmussen college&#39;s free online career aptitude test lets you rank your skills or interests and then suggests matching careers.	careers
&quot;follow your passion,&quot; might be common career guidance, but is it good advice? success can also come from refining the skills that you already possess, rather than worrying if your job is right for you.	career skills
internships are a great way to get exposure to companies and industries in which you&#39;d like to work. typically, they are short term positions, but what if you&#39;re working at a company you really love? if you&#39;ve got advice about turning an internship into a full-time job, come help out a fellow reader. 	work internship
you’re overwhelmed at work. you have a ton of projects piling up at home, and your calendar is packed with overdue tasks. to make room for all of this stuff, you skip lunch, stop going to the gym, and forget about your social life entirely. when we’re stressed, self care is usually the first thing to go. and that only makes things worse.	self_care
you&#39;ve heard it a million times: career advancement is as much about who you know as what you know—and that&#39;s exactly why being an effective networker is so important. here are eight tips from power networkers that go beyond schmoozing to expand your professional circles.	career
in this episode, we’re talking to sanjiv chopra and gina vild, the authors of the two most important days: how to find your purpose—and live a happier, healthier life.	purpose
got some extra cash (finally)? consider spending it on a weekend get-away, or hiking gear, rather than the ipad you think you&#39;ve wanted. it&#39;s one of the few things researchers can agree on when it comes to money and happiness.	happiness spending money
it’s not always easy to forgive someone, especially when they’re a coworker you have to be around all the time. according to a recent study, however, learning to be more forgiving at work can make everything you do there a whole lot easier.
	work
there are many ways for a good boss to go bad, and one of those ways is a boss who doesn’t realize their own insane pace can’t be matched by their employees. there is hope, however, that you can reset boundaries.	
whether you’re dealing with a bad boss or disgruntled employees (or a great boss and enthusiastic employees) you’ve got an opinion on the employer/employee dynamic. 	
“you get to work from home? that’s awesome!” that’s what they all say to you. you nod and grimace because you know, while it is nice to skip the commute and avoid office politics, working from home comes with its own set of challenges. namely, you know how difficult it is to make people understand that just because you’re at home in your sweatpants doesn’t mean that you’re available.
	work_from_home work
the day before you work from home, remember to transfer any important files, as fast company points out in their guide to working from home. if you’re using a different computer, sync everything over with dropbox, email, or a usb drive. even if you’re using the same computer, or if you mostly rely on cloud services, remember to also prepare for any two-factor logins, and anything that won’t work on your corporate vpn. and bring any physical documents home.
	working_from_home work
 it&#39;s easy to get distracted when the first thing your browser shows you in the morning is facebook, twitter, or your favorite site. reduce the clutter by adding a separate, work-only account to chrome. 	chrome
much to my surprise and my roommates’ consternation, i have somehow managed to work from home for an entire year. there are a lot of upsides to leading a laissez-faire life of couch-writing. i never have to commute, which is a true blessing, considering how often all the new york city subways experience systemwide meltdowns during rush hour. i rarely put on real pants. i can make doctor’s appointments in the middle of the day, or at least i could if i had health insurance that covered a doctor’s appointment.
	work
managing a vast collection of recipes used to be as simple as pulling out a box of index cards. now things are a little smarter, but that also means they’re a bit more complicated. to wrangle all your recipes into a sensible order on your iphone, we like paprika.	iphone recipes
windows: while a normal windows 10 installation isn’t usually that difficult to manage, there’s probably a lot running under the hood of your operating system that annoys you. maybe it’s a feature or two you wish you could turn off, or perhaps you’re concerned about what kind of data microsoft collects on that which you do on your pc—or where it’s located. 	windows windows_10
there comes a time in every windows user’s life when things start to feel slower. perhaps you’ve been installing and uninstalling a ton of applications, or you’ve been mucking around with obscure windows settings (or worse, the registry). maybe you even decided to live life on the wild side, like me, and signed up for microsoft’s windows insider program, which recently caused my desktop system to screech to a halt. whoops.	windows install desktop
we’re starting a few new weekly features at lifehacker: profiles of must-have, typically free apps. we’re going to split these up by platform throughout the week, just in case you’re a windows or macos loyalist and have sworn to never (ever) use the other operating system.
	windows app
hooray. you  bought a brand-new windows laptop and, for whatever reason, the manufacturer was nice enough to let you go through the installation process yourself instead of filling your new system full of crapware for you. just kidding. it’s rare when that happens, and buying a laptop that’s full of junk is one—but certainly not the only—reason why you might  want to reinstall your operating system from scratch.
	windows operating_system
dear lifehacker,
i recently got a new laptop that came with windows pre-installed, but it came with a lot of extra bloatware i&#39;d rather not have. can i do a clean install of windows over it, or will my product key not work with a vanilla install?	windows clean_install bloatware
windows 10 is finally here, and your computer will automatically prompt you to upgrade. but if you’d rather start fresh, you can do a clean install—you just need to follow a few steps in the right order.	windows windows_10 clean_install upgrade
windows 10 is finally here. you’ve seen some of its best new features, even heard what it’s like to use every day. but you might be wondering if you should upgrade. for some, it’s free, a great update, and a foregone conclusion. for others it’s better to wait, or think about other options. let’s see where you fall.	windows_10 windows
lifehacker is the ultimate authority on optimizing every aspect of your life. do everything better.	
personal computers have come a long way since the 1990s. we’re not too interested in reliving the limited, early days of windows software, but if you’re feeling nostalgic, microsoft just released an old version of its original file manager that you can now run on your present-day computer.	windows microsoft
this week we&#39;re paying tribute, via our desktops, to the technology of yesterday. here are some great wallpapers featuring our analog friends for your desktop, and even something for your mobile and real life wall.	wallpaper wallpapers desktop analog tech
this streamlined workspace with its vintage style belongs to joshua topolsky, co-founder and editor of tech news site the verge. topolsky&#39;s organized his space for a very pleasing, balanced visual composition and focused productivity. 	workspace
when i was reinstalling windows 10 a few weeks ago, a thought occurred: i miss the old blinking network activity indicator, which used to give you an easy way to confirm your connection is working (and with a mouse over, an idea of how much data you’re pulling down.)
	windows_10
windows 7: if you miss having a network activity icon that actually indicates if your network is active or not, this handy little hack will swap the static windows 7 icon for the classic version.	windows windows_7
if you’re sick of suffering from poor wi-fi connections or slow streaming speeds in your house or brick-lined apartment, that one router tucked away in a corner may not be capable of effectively covering your home. in that case, you may need not just a new router, but a new type of router. to spare yourself the headache of searching (and failing to find) the ideal router location, consider these two easier alternatives: powerline adapters, which transmit data using the electrical wiring in your home, and mesh routers, small wireless routers that share data simultaneously with one another, increasing wireless coverage.	wireless_router
as a work-from-anywhere writer, i’m always on the hunt for cool new coffee shops and work-friendly spaces to schlep my laptop to. if i head somewhere new, though, i’m always plagued by the same questions: are there outlets? is the wi-fi reliable and is it free? is there food or just old, crusty bear claws?
	
free wi-fi is a windfall, especially if you’re working from the library or airport, or if you just want to save data on your phone or laptop. still, you do have to care about security when you’re out and about. here’s how to surf safely, on any device.	security wi-fi
if you’ve connected to a wi-fi network, your computer usually saves that password so you don’t have to enter it in every time. but sometimes you forget that password. to figure out what it is, digital inspiration points out that all you need to do is enter in a simple command in the command line.	network
itching to get your hands on microsoft’s big spring creators update for windows 10? if you can’t wait for the scheduled update, you have two options—an easy way and a trickier way.	windows update windows_10 microsoft
windows: cortana can do a lot of cool stuff in windows 10, but she tends to prefer microsoft’s own apps and services. edgedeflector can force cortana to use chrome, firefox, or any other browser you prefer.	windows cortana
windows: in windows 10, the lock screen displays a rotating set of beautiful photographs. if you want to keep one of those as your wallpaper, this tiny utility makes it super easy.	windows_10 windows
with windows 10, system updates will now occur regularly in the background. like gmail or facebook, these updates will be automatic and mandatory. if you want to try to delay these updates, enable the “metered connection” option in settings.	windows_10 updates windows
windows: microsoft has a nasty habit of pushing updates when they’re least convenient. if you’re tired of updates occurring when you’re working, the new anniversary update can avoid them during work hours.	windows anniversary_update
for many of you, a single pair of speakers or headphones is all you probably need for your desktop or laptop system. for others, rocking out, gaming, and listening to movies is a constant battle with windows over which connected audio device the operating system should use to blast noise.	windows audio headphones speakers gaming
microsoft’s big windows update—not a “spring” update but the more boringly named “windows 10 april 2018&quot; update—arrives today for eager windows users who manually trigger the update for their desktops and laptops. (update: as of 10:00 a.m. pt, windows’ huge update is now ready! get downloading!)	windows windows_10 update microsoft
that’s right. the “spring creators” update is no more; microsoft is now calling its upcoming mega-update to windows the “windows 10 april 2018 update,” and the company is barely locking this name in by releasing the update on monday, april 30—the last day of the month.	windows_10 update april_2018 microsoft windows
is it me, or are we seeing a more disclosures for big, scary vulnerabilities that affect your system’s core components? just a week or so ago, microsoft and google announced more issues—rogue system register read and speculative store bypass—which are fancy-sounding variants of the spectre and meltdown vulnerabilities that have dominated the tech news cycles this year.
	
the next time you update your pc or try to troubleshoot compatibility problems, you&#39;ll may need to know your current bios.  you could reboot the computer, but it&#39;s much easier to use the windows command line utility.	bios command_line
in this week’s installment of tech 911, a reader writes in to find some clarity, not solve an issue with a broken device or failing hardware. said reader was probably  poking around his motherboard a bit and was struck by a thought: if my computer is plugged in, why does my motherboard have a battery?	tech_911 motherboard battery
it happens. you’re absentmindedly browsing through your photos while enjoying a lovely view or a summery drink. you tap around—and then realize you’ve accidentally deleted a ton of photos on your device. you panic. have you just lost your precious memories forever?	deleted photos
pervasive as facebook is, not everyone uses the social service. maybe they hate social networking, orthey’re frustrated with facebook’s continual privacy “oopsies,” or they’re not technologically savvy. in this week’s installment of tech 911, a readers asks how they can share content outside of facebook’s (somewhat) walled garden.	tech_911 facebook
french workers now have the “right to disconnect,” or more appropriately, a  new law instructs companies to ask workers on how they can—if at all—be contacted outside of the office or during non-work hours. would you want that right for yourself?	work
when people ask where i live i’m more likely to say “twitter” than my city of residence. and just like my actual city, sometimes i need to get out of town and hole up somewhere else—somewhere with actual trees with actual birds tweeting.
	
dear lifehacker, 
my parents could really use an upgrade in the cellphone department because they&#39;re still using dumbphones. is there a particular smartphone that&#39;s better for non-tech savvy users?	smartphone
hi. a decade ago, i worked for maximum pc, and it’s time to come clean. i was the doctor—and i want to be your doctor again.
	
your resume is often the first impression recruiters have of you, so making sure you get the good side of your career in the picture is critical. if you’re not having any luck impressing your potential employers, it might be that your resume is missing some critical information that would help you stand out in a sea of also-rans. according to fast company, the mistakes most people make on their resume can be easily rectified with a few edits, a dash of braggadocio, and even a new font.	resume
performance reviews can be nerve-wracking, especially if you’re not sure what you’re going to hear from your boss. and if your manager has feedback for you that is more about your personality than your work, it can be tough to know how to respond. here’s how to handle personality-based feedback so you can move onto focusing on improving your work. 	work performance_review
every morning when i arrived at my office, i used to find a to-do list printed out and neatly laid on my keyboard, courtesy of my boss. but this wasn&#39;t a typical bulleted list—it was a long (upwards of three pages), drawn-out document, where each bullet point was accompanied by paragraphs of elaboration, laying out to the very smallest of details exactly how i should accomplish the task. 	boss office
 working for a micromanaging boss can feel like being in an unhealthy relationship, but you don&#39;t have to cringe in fear or keep your head low hoping that you don&#39;t attract their attention on a given day. often, micromanaging bosses are simply under pressure themselves to meet shifting deadlines, and lack the empathy to understand how their behavior influences others. if you pay attention to the meetings they&#39;re going to and the changes in their workload, you can adapt to the things that stress them out so they&#39;ll stop bothering you. 	bosses deadlines top
 you know that a bad boss is bad for you, but a good way to keep a boss from going bad in the first place is to get a handle on their expectations and manage them while they manage you. after all, it&#39;s a two-way street. 	boss expectations
there’s something quite special that happens when we reflect on what we’ve done. well, two things, actually. one is that we gain a better understanding of what we’ve done or learned. the other is that our self-efficacy improves—that is, our belief in our own abilities.	
 you have a busy life and a to-do list a mile long. unfortunately simply adding a new task to your to-do list doesn&#39;t actually mean it&#39;ll get done. wouldn&#39;t it be nice if you could get out in front of your to-dos at work and at home, always know what&#39;s on your plate, and even have a little time to think about how you can work smarter instead of slaving away every day? you can, and it&#39;s easy to do: you just need to incorporate a weekly review into your schedule. 	weekly_review work to-dos
one of the most important aspects of david allen&#39;s getting things done productivity system is the weekly review - a regular ritual of checking in and updating your task and project lists. when people discuss gtd, they usually focus on the &quot;capture&quot; part of the system, which is the first step: getting everything out of your head and into some holding pen that you trust (whether that&#39;s microsoft outlook, a paper notebook or a text file.) but having all your stuff out of your head isn&#39;t enough: you&#39;ve got to review it regularly to make sure you&#39;re focusing on the right things in your work. the last five fridays i&#39;ve scheduled and followed through on the weekly review, and it turns out it makes an enormous mental difference.	getting_things_done weekly_review gtd
these days, you can track just about anything with the right device: how you move, sleep, drive, and even how you eat, giving us the opportunity to quantify...anything.  but how much data do we really need, and at what point does this information cause more harm than benefit?  i decided to track everything in my life and here&#39;s what i discovered.	
there are few things quite as anxiety-inducing as a performance review. you expect to be grilled by your stone-faced superiors about what you have and haven’t achieved in the last year, right? of course that’s not how it goes, but it’s easy to fall prey to your own anxiety.
	anxiety
 dear lifehacker,

i just got my annual performance review at work and let&#39;s just say it didn&#39;t go very well. some of it was positive, but a lot of it took me by surprise, and now i&#39;m worried for my job. how do i handle a not-so-great evaluation? i disagree with my boss, but he made some good points and seems to want me to improve. how can i make sure this doesn&#39;t happen again? 

signed,

sinking feeling	performance
depending on the type of bosses you’ve had over the years, you might assume that performance review appraisal scores tend to have a more positive bias. the harvard business review did some research and found they’re more negative than you probably think.
	performance
imagine that you’ve worked your butt off to position yourself for a promotion. you took a job you were more than qualified for because you believed in the company, took the projects no one else wanted and knocked them out of the park, and even mentored new teammates until they became self-sufficient stars. but despite your hard work, there may be one more hurdle standing in your way: office politics.
	work

	to err is human, and sometimes when we realize we&#39;ve goofed something bad at work, we find ourselves at a loss to how we should handle it.  here are the steps you can take to pick up the pieces and limit the long term damage as much as possible.	work
when you mess up, drop the ball, screw the pooch, or have an epic fail, it can feel like the world is ending and your career is kaput. first: take a deep breath and rest easy. you&#39;re not the first person to encounter failure. in fact, some of the most successful, influential, and inspiring people in the world have encountered some pretty major failure.	failure success career
i frequently encounter people struggling with a career decision they believe they have to get “right” or disaster is surely imminent. “what if i take this job and i hate it?” they might say. but this idea of right and wrong in your career path is a fallacy. there are only choices, and with every choice comes an opportunity. 
	career
a few years ago, i left my job at a newspaper to stay home with my infant daughter full-time. ten months later, i was ready—so freaking ready—to return to the workplace. so i opened up my résumé and prepared to send it off to people who might want to hire me.	
crafting the perfect resume takes a lot of effort, even more so if you’ve had multiple jobs at the same company, either through promotions or department transfers. here are the best ways to list them on your resume.	job resume
a one-on-one job interview is stressful enough, add to that three to five other people all sitting across from you and firing questions your way and you have some people’s worst nightmare. it’s no one’s idea of a good time, but with a little preparation and practice, you come across as a confident, excellent candidate despite the intimidating format.
	
most hiring managers expect you to ask about salary by the second interview, but if you do, they might turn that question around and ask you about your own salary history to get an idea of what you’re willing to take. here’s why you shouldn’t share with them what you’ve made before.
	
you’re obviously allowed to ask about compensation when you interview for a job. this response from an online delivery company to a recent job candidate is extreme, but it brings up an interesting question: when do you bring up salary?	salary compensation
getting a great job at a great company isn’t easy, and that means their interview questions are going to be difficult. if you thought the usual interview fare like “tell me about yourself” is tough, wait til you see these.
	interview
sometimes, you&#39;ll find that job interviews consist of multiple members of the company asking you questions.  even if one interviewer does most of the talking, consider asking the quieter interviewer to speak up.	job_interviews
welcome to the first weekly installment of tech 911, our brand-new tech-advice column designed to help you fix  the problems you’re having with your desktop, laptop, or other favorite gadgets.
	tech_911 help
when you need a quick charge of your phone or other device, it’s easy to just connect it into any old untrusted computer or public charging station. the chance of malicious data getting through to your phone is pretty slim, but it still exists. over on node, they show off a way to make sure only power can get through the usb port.	
the usb killer is infamous (but ingenious.) plug it in, and within seconds your computer is dead, motherboard fried thanks to a high voltage dose of electricity, along with any other nearby components. this video shows you how it works, but the takeaway is clear: never connect random usb devices to your computer.	usb
it’s time for another dose of tech 911. on tap this week: a reader who is having another issue with usb devices. specifically, their system sometimes restarts when they plug something into a usb port. on a scale of one to “that’s not good,” we’re a lot closer to the right side than the left, but there a few tricks they can try to hopefully get a little relief.	tech_911 usb




the system bios is one part of the computer that often goes untouched even by the it pros. however, upgrading the bios can help increase the life of your machine. tech site hardware guides, explains what the bios is, and how and why to flash it.	bios hardware
windows only: system monitoring application real temp monitors your intel cpu temperature from the system tray—so you&#39;ll know when it&#39;s hot enough to cook eggs.	windows system_monitoring cpu system_tray
if you feel awkward using gender-neutral pronouns—or avoid them because you don’t know how to use them correctly—it’s time to get up to speed. language tends to shift towards inclusivity, and gender-neutral pronouns are becoming more widely used, so get in the habit now before you become one of those people who’s communicating with outdated language.
	gender gender-neutral language pronouns
yelp has added a new business attribute to their listings that shows where you’ll find gender neutral bathrooms. 
	yelp
nobody likes an operating system that’s full of unnecessary stray files, 20 annoying apps that start up when you fire up your computer, and other crap that slows down your system, makes your desktop feel disorganized, or gives you a headache whenever you’re trying to work (or game). thankfully, there are a number of free apps that can help you clean your windows pc.	windows files clean organize
at the age of 14, marcin kleczynski had a problem: after downloading video games from shady online sources, he accidentally infected his family computer with malware. who among us hasn’t faced that decidedly nerdy teenage crisis?	malware
windows: whether all of your games are steam games, uplay titles from ubisoft, or gog purchases loaded into galaxy, odds are after installing or uninstalling, you probably have duplicate files, leftover files, or redistributables you don’t need anymore. steam cleaner takes care of them all for you.
	windows steam
windows has its own built-in program uninstaller, but it doesn&#39;t always to the best job. revo uninstaller removes every trace of a program with just a few clicks of your mouse, and its ease of use makes it the best uninstaller around. 	windows
windows: dragging stuff to the recycle bin can be annoying if it&#39;s hidden amongst the clutter on your desktop, behind all your windows. minibin puts it in your system tray, making deleting files and emptying the bin super easy.	recycle_bin windows files clutter system_tray
flowers are blooming and birds are chirping, which means it&#39;s time to start your yearly spring cleaning extravaganza. while you&#39;re emptying your closets, decluttering, and getting rid of the bloat in your life, why not do the same for your computer? here are some simple, easy to follow tips to give your trusted windows pc a little spring cleaning of its own. 	spring_cleaning windows
no matter how clean you try to keep your keyboard, the dust and oil your fingers pick up over the day are bound to get it a little dirty. thankfully, all you need is a few household items to give it a really deep cleaning.	cleaning household
readers offer their best tips for cleaning up your mac&#39;s menu bar, fixing zippers that have opened up all the way, and eating greasy food while at your computer.	tips
  if you&#39;re tired of shiny, greasy spots all over your laptop you can safely cut through the grease with a mr. clean magic eraser. here&#39;s how it works.	top
 our hands aren&#39;t the epitome of cleanliness, and they&#39;re all over our laptops. computer cleaning products we&#39;ve tried can&#39;t cut through the layers of finger oil, so we turn to you. how do you keep your laptop&#39;s exterior squeaky clean?	cleaning laptop
your printer&#39;s manufacturer doesn&#39;t want you to use your printer to just print and scan. they want to install bloated apps, eat memory, and to constantly nag you for more ink. trim your printer setup to the minimum with this five-step guide.	printer
windows only: your scanner probably came with ocr software. chances are, though, it&#39;s both awkward and space-hogging. freeocr is an slim, efficient app that has just four main buttons, and performs well at converting scanned images and pdfs into edit-ready text.	ocr scanner pdfs pdf text windows

	windows has a lot going for it, but it&#39;s also saddled with one of computing&#39;s biggest annoyances: crapware. here&#39;s everything you need to know about identifying, avoiding, and removing unwanted software from your system.	windows crapware annoyances
windows:  i recently had a suspicion that something was up with my hard drive. spending a little time to figure out what was going on—and to confirm nothing bad was actually happening—saved me $200+, or the cost of the shiny new 6tb hdd (or speedier 2tb ssd) i was contemplating ordering off amazon.	hard_drive ssd
windows: most computer geeks know about windirstat, an incredibly useful utility that shows which folders and files are taking up so much room on your drive. it’s a must-have app, because you’ll be surprised—heck, i’ve been surprised—how many times you might find some random, triple-buried folder on your desktop that’s using an unseemly amount of space. 	drive space app
windows: there are a million little apps that feature some combination of the words wifi and analysis, or something really close to either. some apps are paid; some are free. and they all allow you see different combinations of information about your wireless setup (and the wireless setups of those around you). 	wifi wireless
macos: it’s important to know how to fine-tune your wireless router, because not every router can just auto-adjust your wireless network’s settings to give you the highest quality connection. that, and a great wifi-analysis app can help you figure out the areas of your house or apartment that might need a little more wireless support—either by adding another access point or adjusting your existing configuration.	wifi
you check into your hotel after a hard day of traveling. all you want to do is kick off your shoes, set the temperature to whatever hot or cold extreme you wouldn’t be able to get away with at home, and say hello to your netflix queue before some much-earned rest. and then you realize the terrible truth: your wi-fi connection is horrible or, worse, non-existent.
	wi-fi travel hotel
getting access to high-speed internet on the go doesn&#39;t have to mean using someone&#39;s wide-open wi-fi. there are plenty of great 3g and 4g hotspots that get the job done, don&#39;t cost an arm and a leg, and are small enough to keep in your pocket for when you need them. whether you&#39;re on the road or cable&#39;s out at home, here are five of the best mobile hotspots to keep you connected. 	hotspots wi-fi 3g 4g

	verizon has been caught throttling netflix streaming (much like comcast was before netflix paid the cable company for a &quot;fast lane&quot; access). if you&#39;re having speed or quality issues with verizon or any other isp—and with any kind of streaming service—try using a vpn.	netflix verizon comcast
regardless of where you&#39;re staying, hotel wi-fi always seems like a crapshoot. sometimes it&#39;s free, sometimes it&#39;s expensive, and oftentimes it&#39;s so slow it doesn&#39;t matter. over on hotel wifi test, they take a look at which hotels tend to have the fastest, cheapest wi-fi. 	hotels wifi
if you’re away from home and in need of wifi, now facebook can help you find it. originally only available in a few countries, the social network’s “find wifi” feature is now available around the world. with it you can locate available hotspots and nearby businesses, so you can quickly find a spot near you.
	wifi facebook
if you’ve ever had a mac with a wi-fi hardware problem, then you know that attempting to use a usb dongle to fix your wi-fi has long been a funky experience. that’s especially been the case over the last couple versions of macos. thankfully, edimax has released an adapter that not only works on current and previous operating systems, it might even work in the future.
	mac wi-fi macos
windows: here’s the problem: the heif image format, which apple now uses in ios 11 in the form of heic files, is a great alternative to jpeg. heic images eat up less space and support plenty of extra features, like depth maps and 16-bit color. great. wonderful. 	images heic file apple ios
before you pack your bags for that late summer vacation, take a moment to scan and archive your important documents, like your primary passport pages and the labels for any of your prescriptions. making sure they&#39;re available even if your bags are lost or items stolen will make it easier to get help if you need it.	
word on the street is the coconut oil is bad for you. once thought to be a “fat burning fat” that was good to incorporate into your diet, now the advice is “you can put it on your body, but don’t put it in your body.”
	coconut_oil coconut oil
web:  if you&#39;re a regular google keep user, you might have missed a (relatively) new feature in the app.  if you paste an image into a note, google lets you convert the image into editable text.	google_keep
windows: you have a ton of options when it comes to converting images with a right click, but a lot of those image-centric programs can really clutter up your right-click menu. sendto-convert puts one simple option in your context menu that converts images in seconds. 	images converting context_menu windows
windows only: freeware program irfanview is a lightweight, lightning fast image viewer, editor, and processor.	windows
we&#39;ve already seen how to make a poster-sized photo collage (&quot;life poster&quot;) with iphoto and with photoshop. for non-mac or non-photoshop owners, photographer deepsan has published instructions for making your life poster with free image tool xnview. a life poster is a great personalized gift or spice-up-your-walls project - now possible on all platforms without costly software. thanks sandeep v!	how_to life_poster
unless you’re the world’s biggest fan of microsoft outlook, odds are good that you don’t use a desktop email client at home. you probably use a web-based email service, and your daily routine probably involves firing up your browser to delete, move, and otherwise ignore your messages. third-party apps like mail (for windows or mac) be damned.	email windows mail
the most fleeting joy in this world is that of sending off an important email, as it’s inevitably replaced by the anxiety of waiting for a reply. if you want to get a quick reply to your email, send it in the morning. brendan greenley, data scientist at the email scheduling company boomerang, explains further in an email to lifehacker:
	boomerang email
os x: everyone knows what it&#39;s like to open gmail to send an email, and before you get a chance, you&#39;ve spent a half-hour on a dozen unread messages. worse, you&#39;ve forgotten to send the one you originally meant to. this automator script helps you stay focused.	gmail automator
when sending an email, timing matters quite a bit. shoot your email when the recipient’s inbox is flooded, and your chances of a reply may be slim. this data shows you’re more likely to get that reply if you send the email early in the morning.	email
it’s tempting to check your email right when you get into the office, but it can mess with your work flow and eat into your creative time. here’s what we mean.
	work email
if you’ve been using pgp—short for pretty good privacy—to send and receive encrypted emails, it might be time to switch to a different service to maintain the privacy of your communications. a brand-new vulnerability, hilariously called efail, can reveal the contents of your emails (even older emails, in certain cases) in plaintext. goodbye, secrecy. 	efail privacy communications email
twitter and facebook and news alerts all prove it: the best form of one-to-many communication is the email newsletter. the lifehacker staff follows newsletters for morning briefings, unique takes on tech, or personal stories. these are our favorites.
	newsletters lifehacker_staff email
if you’re a rss user who hates getting newsletters in your email, kill the newsletter is a simple little service that’ll kick those newsletters over to an rss feed, so you can peruse them at your leisure.
	rss newsletters email
most of us are reluctant to subscribe to email newsletters because of their time-sucking, space-wasting nature. there are some newsletters, however, that are like bright lights in our inboxes. let’s build a list of those subscribe-worthy newsletters.	newsletters email
google’s latest update to chrome came with big changes about how the browser treats autoplaying videos, but it’s now causing lots of audio issues with various web apps and games.	browser audio autoplay video web games apps
chrome 66 is out, and if you’re the kind of person who doesn’t really care when your web browser has a new update, you might want to rethink that approach for this version. though your browser will automatically update to chrome 66 (technically, 66.0.3359.117), you should manually trigger that update right now for some extra peace of mind.	chrome update
so you just installed google chrome—that, or you’ve cleared your cache and history because you wanted to save some space on your pc or fix some website issue involving cookies. you go to pull up your favorite website and, suddenly, a sound starts blasting out of your speakers. the dreaded autoplaying video returneth.
	chrome google autoplay
at some point, publishers at a lot of the sites i frequent decided that it would be a good idea to start using autoplay videos. while i think their thought is that when the video starts playing i’ll somehow be drawn in by their captivating host and majestic background music, the result is often me getting frightened by the sudden blast of sound, fumbling around to figure out how to stop the video, and then cursing the site creator and vowing to never come to their site again. that is until the next day when i repeat the process.
	
your favorite technology company, google, is working on an upcoming feature that could put the kibosh on autoplaying videos for good. soon you’ll be able to silence the worst offenders permanently, saving you the headache of searching for a mute button over and over again.	google
at a for-profit editorial outlet like lifehacker, when we need an image for our posts, we can’t just do a google image search and slap up the first result. we have to use properly licensed photos. sometimes we use our own original photos, sometimes getty images that we pay for, sometimes the millions of flickr photos licensed for free use through creative commons.
	search google_image_search images google flickr
all of us have at least one item of clothing that&#39;s tough to pair up with other things without looking ridiculous. whether you bought it on a whim or it was a gift, i am alpha m has a simple but smart tip to help you wear it well: use google image search to find matches for it.	clothing google google_image_search
apple’s safari web browser tends to get a bum rap because it’s a pretty boring and comes with every mac, but over the years apple has quietly made it pretty useful. plus,  safari is much more popular than you’d think. if you’re reading this in safari right now, here’s how to get the most out of your experience.
	safari apple mac
bored of chrome? sick of the fact you can’t customize safari? wish firefox was just a little better? vivaldi, a new web browser built on chromium, wants to tap into your distaste for boring, modern, everyman browsers with a highly customizable, power-user browser. let’s see how it stacks up.
	browsers chrome chromium
there aren’t many, but microsoft edge does feature a selection of third-party extensions to add some functionality to the new web browser. 	microsoft_edge
windows/web/ios/android: microsoft has released a public preview for its new to-do app, aptly called to-do. this is ostensibly microsoft’s version of wunderlist, which the company acquired back in 2015.
	microsoft wunderlist
shortly after google chrome&#39;s extensions gallery opened, we rounded up 18 worthy downloads. now that chrome&#39;s official add-on market has matured a bit, we&#39;ve dug up more productive, annoyance-fixing, feature-adding extensions that you should consider adding to your collection.	downloads google_chrome extensions google extension feature
sure, you can use google chrome&#39;s new tab page to quickly launch your favorite sites, but launching all your needed tabs at once, with a single click, is really darned helpful. the session manager extension makes it so.	chrome google_chrome extension
google chrome: want to keep track of what you&#39;ve got open in google chrome? the experimental sessionsaver extension can save and load multi-tab, multi-window sessions and restore them with a few clicks.	google_chrome extension chrome
rest, my child. cnn’s autoplay videos can’t hurt you any more. in the latest public version of chrome, you can just right-click any tab and select “mute site.”
	mute autoplay
 os x: if you leave your mac on at night, but forget to mute your system or turn the volume down, silencer is a tiny menubar utility that can mute and unmute your mac&#39;s speakers at a specific time every day, whether you mute it before bed and have it automatically restore the volume in the morning, or mute it before you leave for work and unmute it when you get home. 	mac os_x menubar mute speakers
regardless of whether or not your iphone is muted, if you have an alarm set, it’ll make a sound. how-to geek points out that a silent ringtone can solve this potential problem so you’ll still get the vibration without the ringing.
	iphone
windows only: portable utility mute on lock turns off your system speakers whenever you walk away and lock your workstation, but it also provides a quick shortcut key for toggling your speakers on or off.	windows mute speakers
letting you mute entire websites in chrome may be the best upgrade google ever made to the browser, but it could still be better. sure, muting every site with annoying pop-up videos is great, but what if you didn’t have to deal any audio at all? thanks to automute, you’ll never have to hear another peep out of your browser ever again.	
it’s no secret that google makes the bulk of its money by tracking our activity and targeting us with ads, but starting today those ads could get a little less annoying. the company announced a new feature for its ads settings tool that let’s you mute specific products you’re tired of seeing everywhere you go online.	google
android: whether they’re front and center or lurking behind the scenes, nearly every app is taking a nibble (or a huge bite) out of your mobile data. you could comb through your phone’s stats and see which app is using the bulk of your data plan, or you could install datally, google’s new data management app. it’s able to see how much data your phone is using to stay connected, and alert you to apps that consume more than the amount with which you’re comfortable, granting you the ability to cut their access off with a single tap.	google
if you feel like facebook has more ads than usual, you aren&#39;t imagining it: facebook&#39;s been inundating us with more and more ads lately, and using your information—both online and offline—to do it. here&#39;s how it works, and how you can opt out. 	facebook
here’s the bad news: if you’re an aspiring sound designer or you’re looking for some random noise to insert into a big project you’re working on, the bbc’s new archive of more than 16,000 free sound effects won’t help you much. they’re all bound by a remarc licence that prohibits using these files in commercial work. 	sound_effects bbc
dear lifehacker,

i know mp3 is the most popular audio format out there, but there are so many others—like aac, flac, ogg and wma—that i&#39;m not really sure which one i should be using. what&#39;s the difference between them, and which one should i use to rip my music? 	music audio aac mp3 flac
  if you&#39;ve heard about the recent viral stunt put on the web site for the latest batman film, you know it&#39;s possible to hide codes in an audio file. but did you know it&#39;s actually really easy to do? here&#39;s how.	
ios: as a reporter, i end up taking a lot of notes pretty much everywhere i go. audio recordings are great for not missing anything, but one thing has proved true for me pretty much across the board: the part of the interview i want to find is always the part where i was paying so much attention to the person talking that i failed to note the time code.
	audio
 android: easy voice recorder is a holo-themed voice recording tool that couldn&#39;t be easier to use, but hides some serious features just under the hood. if all you want to do is record a quick interview or conversation, it&#39;s a tap or two away, but if you want to record in high quality lossless or change the file format, easy voice recorder makes it simple. 	recording voice recorder voice_recorder holo

	your smartphone can double up as a dictaphone. point your handset at the speaker and you can record meetings, lectures and interviews. google play has plenty of great voice recording apps, but cogi rises to the top by recognizing the core needs of recording speech better than other apps.	voice_recording recording voice apps
for whatever reason, the iphone has tons of different voice recording apps, but very few of them do anything more than apple’s free voice memos app. we like just press record because it manages to make itself worth its asking price by offering a different experience and feature set than apple’s offering.	voice_recording recording voice iphone apps voice_memos
you have a ton of voice recording apps for iphone, but a lot of them don’t work super well. cassette manages to offer up a good organization scheme, solid recording features, and a handy, yet pricey transcription feature if you need it.
	voice_recording voice recording
before we begin, windows users, let’s start the affirmation: we use windows. we all agree that itunes has a terrible design. we will throw a party if apple ever modernizes its app, but we hate that itunes is the best possible option for synchronizing content with our iphones and ipads. 	itunes windows app apple
when you’re listening to music through cheap headphones or speakers, an equalizer will help even out the sound. most equalizers come with genre presets, but you can manually adjust them too. it helps to know what kind of instrument is affected by each frequency.
	music equalizer speakers headphones
dear lifehacker,
i&#39;m curious about itunes&#39; equalizer setting. should i turn it on and use the included presets when i listen to music? or should i listen to it &quot;as the artist intended?&quot; i&#39;m kind of confused as to why it&#39;s there.	music equalizer itunes
recently, i&#39;ve noticed something interesting among midsize speakers: many have a very &quot;boomy&quot; quality that grates on the ears. luckily, you can fix this boomy bass by adjusting one equalizer frequency.	equalizer speakers
itunes is bloated. if you just want to play some mp3s like you did in the old days, try tiny player for mac.
	itunes tiny_player mac
mac only: open source media player cog aims to be the anti-itunes: it is a simple, one-playlist, folder-browsing media player for os x that supports many features missing from itunes, including global hotkeys, last.fm, and flac and ogg vorbis support.	
dear lifehacker,

i love my ipod, but i don&#39;t like using itunes on my computer. what&#39;s the best way to use a different desktop player while still syncing my music and playlists to an ipod or iphone? 	itunes ipod iphone music top
os x: google music is great, but if you don&#39;t want to keep a pinned tab open playing your favorite tunes, google music for mac is a standalone player that looks great, is feature-packed but lightweight, supports your media keys, can play all of your playlists, and more. best of all, it&#39;s free.	mac os_x google google_music
dear lifehacker,
i feel like every time i browse a music forum online, people are hating on itunes. is it just because it&#39;s fashionable to hate apple, or is there actually something wrong with itunes that i&#39;m missing? it seems to work fine for me.	itunes music
if you use a word processor, comic book or pdf reader, video player, or other app that requires syncing files through itunes, you know how slow and awful it can be. here&#39;s a simple, fast alternative. 	itunes files
vlc was released back into the itunes app store last month, and that means one of the best media players out there is finally back on the iphone and ipad. if you don&#39;t want to use itunes just to use vlc, how-to geek points out that tucked away within vlc&#39;s settings is a way to upload files from your computer to your phone without using itunes as long as both devices are on the same network. 	iphone ipad vlc
most of us have morning rituals, and yours probably involves a computer at some point. and while it’s not that hard to press the power button, wait for your system to boot up, and then type in your windows password to log into your desktop, those are a lot of time-consuming steps that morning you has to sit and do. if you’re lucky, you can automate this entire process.	windows boot power password
dear lifehacker,

i like to turn my computer off at night, but i hate sitting and waiting for it to boot up in the morning. is there any way i can make my computer start automatically in the morning so it&#39;s ready for me when i get up? 	boot
if there’s one thing everyone dreads, it’s rebooting their computer. it may only take a minute or two, but it can seem like forever. here are our top 10 tweaks that’ll make your computer boot a little faster.	tweaks boot top
when’s the last time you sat down and thought about how many apps automatically launch whenever you fire up windows 10 on your desktop or laptop? you probably can’t remember, because it’s not really a thing most people do. but you should, because you don’t need a bunch of unnecessary apps eating up your system’s resources for no reason. if you have an underpowered pc, you’re only making your situation worse. and, at minimum, having a bunch of background apps is going to make windows 10 take longer to load.	windows_10 apps launch
the startup sound is a mac’s way of letting you know everything is okay, but sometimes, things go bad and you need to boot into a different mode then usual. mac’s have a bunch of options for this, and all they require is that you hold down a keyboard shortcut at boot.
	startup
windows 10 came with no shortage of performance improvements, but one of the neatest is its fast boot times. if your machine is taking too long to boot up, ensure this setting is enabled to speed things along.	windows_10 windows boot_time boot
dear lifehacker,
i&#39;m ready to take the plunge and build my own home server, but i&#39;m not sure which route i should take. i&#39;ve seen guides for freenas, amahi, and even regular ol&#39; desktop linux, but which should i use? does it even matter?	nas home_server amahi freenas linux

	at its most basic, network attached storage, or nas, is a great way to share files on your local network. but it&#39;s also a perfect solution for backing up your computers, streaming media across your home network, or even torrenting files to a central server. if you have an aging computer lying around, you can turn it into a nas for for free with the open-source freenas operating system. here&#39;s how. 	network_attached_storage nas server
  every time you boot your computer, you probably have a few programs you always start up immediately. here&#39;s how to set them to start up automatically whenever you turn on your pc. 	boot programs
there are so many windows apps out there, that picking a list of the very best, most must-install software for your desktop or laptop feels daunting. we’ve pored over pages of recommendations, countless forum posts, and lots of comments to come up with this year’s lifehacker pack for windows, a  list of software champions across four categories: productivity; internet and communications; music, photos, and video; and utilities. 	lifehacker_pack windows apps utilities productivity internet communications music photos video software
windows has more great programs than we can count, but some are essential to just about every pc setup. in this year’s annual lifehacker pack for windows, we’re highlighting the must-have downloads for better productivity, communication, media management, and more.
	lifehacker_pack windows downloads productivity media communication
pidgin is our favorite instant messaging application for windows, not only for all its great built-in features, but for all the features you can add to it via plugins. it comes with a few built-in, but there are a ton of others out there if you know where to find them. here are our favorites. 	pidgin instant_messaging windows plugins
notepad++ is the most popular text editor for windows, and we love its speed and power, but it&#39;s even better once you dig a little deeper. here&#39;s a look at the many ways you can use notepad++ more effectively.	notepad++ notepad
windows: notepad++, a light but reliable text editor we included in our 2009 lifehacker pack of essential windows downloads, gets even more reliable with a free, configurable auto-saving plug-in.	downloads notepad++ saving text_editor windows
android: you have several options for accessing files on your phone&#39;s sd card, but free app webkey takes it one step further and essentially allows you to easily control your rooted phone from your computer. here&#39;s how it works.	android root webkey
if you&#39;re on a tight budget, but you&#39;re tired of instant noodles as your go-to meal, the reddit college cookbook may be just the right thing to kickstart a good, low budget eating plan.	budget college reddit
for a long time, microsoft office has been the reigning champ of office suites, but that doesn&#39;t mean the free alternative, libreoffice, isn&#39;t worth considering. let&#39;s take a look at how the two compare, and if it&#39;s finally possible to ditch the paid option for the free one.	office_suites microsoft_office libreoffice
mac: of all the days to (finally) launch a version of its app for macos, houseparty picked yesterday—the start of apple’s worldwide developers conference—to make a big (themed) splash onto apple desktops and laptops. and while apple’s announcement of facetime group hangouts probably took a little wind out of houseparty’s sails, the app is still makes it incredibly easy to chat with a bunch of your friends at once.	chat houseparty hangout
snapchat is rolling out two new features this week: group video chat and the ability to tag your friends in stories. here’s what you need to know to use them both once your device gets the app update.	snapchat chat stories
near the end of 2017, something weird started to happen. snapchat’s iphone app kept logging me out of my account. the first few times, i promptly logged back in, but after the fourth or fifth time i didn’t bother. i was already getting bored with snapchat, and i soon found that instagram’s copycat stories feature was just as good—if not better.
	snapchat instagram stories
even though instagram has been ripping off features from snapchat, the quirky social network with ephemeral content remains a unique place. one of its most distinctive features is geofilters—frames you can overlay on photos you take.	snapchat geofilters snap
in honor of skype’s newest update, the video chat and messaging app is dropping support for a variety of platforms.
	skype messaging
instagram is rolling out a new feature today, dubbed instagram stories. it is basically instagram’s response to snapchat. 	instagram
snapchat is in the process of rolling out its biggest redesign ever, but on tuesday the company announced another big update that could change the way people use its app. starting today, you can share certain stories (what snapchat calls its disappearing videos and pictures) outside of snapchat.	snapchat stories
it’s not quite #deletefacebook, but there’s also a growing movement to wipe snapchat from smartphones. the company’s poorly received redesign, combined with an offensive ad that recently appeared in the app, have pushed more people to abandon snapchat entirely—including your favorite celebrities.	snapchat
snapchat recently released a redesign that hasn’t exactly been a hit with its most loyal users. with most apps, if you opt for the upgrade you’re stuck with the new version until the developer puts out something new.
	snapchat apps
url shortening services are ubiquitous on twitter and other cramped online spaces. they won&#39;t all last, as tr.im has demonstrated, and their shutdowns could annihilate your linking history. if you own a domain, though, you can host your own service.	url_shortening url twitter
snapchat is rolling out a brand-new update that makes it even easier for your friends to find you on its “snap map.” even though you have to opt in for your bitmoji to appear on the map, this is a great time to review your snapchat privacy settings (and wave goodbye to the snap map, if you aren’t interested).
	snapchat privacy
group texts can be annoying sometimes, especially if you got added to a conversation with people you don’t know. but they can also be a great way to reach out to your closest friends all at once and bring you closer together.
	friends
if you need a little face time with friends and family that live far away, firing up a video chat has never been easier. these days you don&#39;t even need to install an app or download a heavy client—many services let you open a browser and within seconds see your friend&#39;s face, no matter where they are in the world. this week we&#39;re going to look at five services that give you the best, fastest, and most hassle-free video chatting experience.	video_chat video
  team lifehacker has been playing around with google+ all morning, and so far the coolest innovation we&#39;ve seen—particularly from a productivity standpoint—is the hangouts feature, which creates rooms for you to hang out with your friends, coworkers, or any of your social circles. it&#39;s great. 	google+
 /:16 windows: popular video chat client skype released an update to its version 5 beta today, bringing a new interface and the long-awaited ability to participate in video chats with more than two people.	skype windows video_chat
google+ hangouts are great for straight-up talking, and they have some productive features, too. now, though, the gates are open to third-party apps. the first batch is mostly games and goofiness, but two tools stand out.	google+ hangouts google
  we&#39;ve always been keen on google+ hangouts, but a recent update provided some extras that make the experience even better. now you can share your screen, collaborate in google docs, and even draw together in sketchup.  additionally, the hangouts api provides developers with the ability to integrate hangouts into their own web apps. this could become a very interesting way to not only collaborate on work, but also share media and play games with other people across the web.	google+ google google_docs
want to get a few people in side-by-side video chat, but don&#39;t want to set everybody up with skype, video conference software, or a google+ hangout? head to meetings.io, create a room, and give your people the look. in seconds, you&#39;re all chatting live in a simple side-by-side setup.	video_chat meetings chat
  we&#39;ve certainly discussed handbrake in the past, but we&#39;ve neglected to actually show you how to use it to rip a dvd. if you haven&#39;t gotten into handbrake because you&#39;ve found it a little confusing or intimidating, here&#39;s how to get started.	how_to
over the past two weeks we have, like we do every year, given you a snapshot of the essential apps, extensions, and downloads we think every user of every major platform should try. miss one? here they all are, in one tidy package.	downloads
watching movies and tv shows on your computer is easy, but if you do a lot of downloading or ripping, you need a video player that&#39;s lightweight, can handle virtually anything you throw at it, whether it has subtitles, was encoded a long time ago with some obscure codec, or came in a strange file format. this week we&#39;re looking at five of the best desktop video players, based on your nominations. 	video_players video desktop_video
not all video players are alike. some offer more features and tweaking options to make your videos look great, while others boast speed and stability. last week we asked you for your favorites, then looked at the five best desktop video players. now we&#39;re back to highlight the winner.	video_players video desktop_video feature
the mac offers a few options for video players, and all of them are pretty great, but vlc still gets the gold medal for video playback because it just works better than the competition.	video_players video vlc mac
it&#39;s one thing to download movies and tv shows to watch on your desktop or laptop, it&#39;s another to have a video player you trust to handle anything you throw at it. the best ones do it flawlessly, without extra downloads or tons of tweaks. this week we want to know which ones you think are the best. 	video
the pdf viewer you choose is really dependent on what you need to do with the pdfs you download, but when it comes to viewing and editing pdfs, pdf-xchange editor is the best program around. [jump]	pdf
i have a trenta-sized amount of love of the mac app amphetamine, because it’s a great way to keep your macbook from sleeping (or kicking on the screen saver) for any particular reason. and i’m ashamed to admit that it’s taken me a year, if not years, to realize that i haven’t installed a similar kind of app on my windows desktop and laptop.	windows app sleep
go ahead and get your breaking bad jokes out of your system. we’ll wait. once you’re done, we recommend installing amphetamine as soon as you can. this app is a super-tiny download, and it’s like giving your macos machine caffeine pills. once activated, your system will stop going to sleep.	macos sleep system
if you’re someone that automatically schedules your meetings to be an hour long, this method of timing meetings could net you more time to get other things done.	meetings
dear lifehacker,

my laptop battery doesn&#39;t last very long anymore. how can i tell what&#39;s going on or wrong with it and if it needs replacing? 	laptop_battery top
windows only: like previously mentioned caffeine for the mac, tiny windows app insomnia will keep your computer awake for those long-running jobs that need its full attention.	windows
password-recovery questions have been a part of windows 10 for more than a year now, but you’ll never know they exist if you sign into your operating system using a microsoft account. use a local account when you’re first installing windows, however, and you’ll be prompted to create three security questions that you can use to reset your password and log into your account—should you ever forget your credentials.	security windows operating_system password
it’s been a while since i’ve had to type in some stupid answer to a made-up question when creating an account on a new service. you know what i’m talking about: forget your password, and you can regain access to your account by typing in the name of your first pet (mr. mrglglrm), your favorite sports team (saskatoon sirens), or the street you grew up on (third street).	password account
anyone aware of the poor track record companies like equifax or kickstarter have when dealing with sensitive information is probably curious as to the strength of their passwords. passwords made via random generation are generally more secure than passwords you invent yourself (looking at you, “abc123”). now you can check to see whether or not your password is part of a growing list of leaked passwords using 1password, which just integrated the cracked password database pwned passwords into its app.	passwords
it used to be that when someone died, their executor would follow a standard roadmap to settle their estate: clean out the house, go through the file cabinets, and file a tax return at the end of the year. now this wasn’t exactly easy—handling the administration after a loved one’s death can be emotionally and logistically brutal—but at least everything you were dealing with was tangible. nowadays we live our lives at least partly online, and that can mean a big headache for our families when we die: how do you sort through the deceased digital accounts and possessions when you don’t even know what they are?
	digital death
if you were hit by a bus today or were otherwise incapacitated, would your loved ones be able to quickly locate your important information or know how to handle your affairs? many of us have a great handle on our finances, but our record keeping systems might not be obvious to family members or friends who might need immediate access to them in times of emergency. here&#39;s a step-by-step guide to organizing your vital information so it can be conveniently and safely accessed when needed.	emergency record_keeping
windows/linux only: free, open source disk encryption software truecrypt allows you to secure your thumb drive (among other things) so that you don&#39;t need to worry about losing sensitive information if you lose that little drive.	thumb_drive encryption
mountain view, ca—it’s google i/o time, the annual smorgasboard of all things android. this includes updates to the mobile operating system, newer (and cheaper) smartphones, various smarthome gadgets that are helpful (with a few caveats), and news about the latest additions to google’s plate—including its much-anticipated stadia game-streaming platform and the debut of android auto that’s finally front-and-center in a real, you-can-buy-it vehicle!	google_i/o android google
the unfortunate trade-off of a smart speaker is clear: for the convenience of having something to yell at that can tell you what the weather is, what the traffic is like, and whether your front door is unlocked or not (to name a few items), you have to give up your privacy to a giant corporate entity. 	speaker privacy
fun fact: snippets of your alexa conversations may be heard and read by thousands of amazon employees. according to recent reports, amazon has an international team of employees who work to help alexa better understand your many commands and develop new ways for the ai to interact with users. this requires them to listen to snippets of what your echo speakers and other alexa devices are recording. sounds eerily familiar to us.
	alexa amazon
nobody knows what deters burglars more than burglars. here’s what former thieves recommend you do to safeguard your home from break-ins.
	home
as if they hadn’t already grafted themselves onto a significant portion of your own childhood memories (damn your catchy classics, elton john and phil collins), the rise of more screens in the household has only meant more of the mouse for your kids. 	kids
seafood is tasty, seafood is fun, but eat too much of the wrong kinds and our grand-kids will have none.
	food seafood
chipotle announced back in april that their payment system had been hacked and customer credit card info may have been stolen. turns out, that’s exactly what happened. 
	chipotle
privacy-conscious users will be happy to hear about microsoft’s latest addition to windows 10, which adds transparency in terms of data collection, and finally let users see what information is being sent for analysis to microsoft. the windows diagnostic data viewer makes it more convenient for users to see what data microsoft is gathering, but won’t do much to actually help users stop the company from getting their hands on the data in the first place. to halt data collection, you’ll need a different version of windows 10, one you can’t exactly buy from your local best buy.
	windows_10 microsoft privacy
doing stuff with your mouse is cool. doing stuff with your keyboard is cooler. these are the most important keyboard shortcuts, ranked from best to worst. (unless noted, we’ve listed the windows shortcuts; mac users substitute cmd for ctrl.) with one exception, despite any flaws, all the shortcuts below are fundamentally good.	keyboard_shortcuts ranked mac windows keyboard
  is a particular keyboard shortcut in mac os x giving you grief? if you want to remap it to something you&#39;d like better, there&#39;s a handy little setting in system preferences that can help you out.	mac_os_x
of course, you may not need all 60 of these, but knowing them will make you flexible, fast, and ready to work with whatever tool you’re presented with, whether it’s a windows pc, a mac, an excel spreadsheet, or a powerpoint slideshow. plus, there are extras in here for gmail and chrome to boot.
	
keyboard shortcuts are the easiest way to do things faster, but with the wide variety of software we all use it&#39;s hard to remember all the different shortcuts. in turn, even though we all know shortcuts are useful, few of us bother using them. here&#39;s how to learn to make use of shortcuts, ranging from the beginner to expert. 	keyboard_shortcuts shortcuts
lifehacker readers and writers are a tech-savvy bunch, and many of us can&#39;t imagine living without our keyboard shortcuts that save us so much time every day. they&#39;re so useful that it&#39;s often hard to watch a less-knowledgeable friend or family member point and click their way to everything. if you want to get them on board with keyboard shortcuts, print out this handy cheat sheet so they always have it around for quick reference. 	keyboard_shortcuts
windows 10 comes with a few new keyboard shortcuts to take advantage of new features like the virtual desktop and the action center. here’s a handy table of shortcuts you might not know about yet.	windows keyboard_shortcuts windows_10
in a recent blog post titled “hardening macos,” ricard bejarano offers an extensive list of settings you can tweak to make macos as secure as possible. it’s a comprehensive list of tasks—and we love it—but it’s important that you understand the “why” behind his recommendations, too. here are a few of his top tips and explanations for why you’re adjusting, installing, or modifying your mac that way:	mac macos
my favorite chrome extension for ad-blocking and privacy, ghostery, has a new version for safari on macos: ghosterylite.	ghostery ghosterylite. safari
google is a massive company that does a lot of things. it gives you email, a cool search engine, a fantastic maps app, and plenty of cloud storage, all for free. we also tend to forget that it’s an ad company. until an ad pops up on someone’s google home device, anyway.
	google google_home
while most apple fans who love podcasts have probably switched to an app like overcast or castro, you might want to go back and spend a few minutes with apple’s updated podcasts app in ios 12. there are a few new features that have finally made this app a viable alternative to the, er, alternatives. here’s what’s new:	podcasts apple ios
the latest version of apple’s iphone and ipad operating system, ios 12, is out. it features dozens of new features and improvements; there’s something for everybody.
	ios_12 apple ios
apple is set to release a slew of software updates today that it announced last week including ios 12, watchos 5 and tvos 12.
	apple ios ios_12
the iphone xs and xr come with a number of fun new live photo wallpapers as well some wallpapers that correspond to the colors of the new iphone xr: white, black, coral, red, blue, and yellow.
	iphone iphone_xr iphone_xs
the “golden master” of ios 12—which should be the final version releases to the public on monday, september 17—is now available. if you want to get your hands on the new iphone and ipad operating system a few days before everybody else— by“everybody else,” i mean “normal people who don’t run public betas of operating systems”—here’s how.	ios ios_12 iphone ipad golden_master beta public_beta
if you’re planning to buy a brand-new iphone xs, iphone xs max, or iphone xr, there’s one big thing you’ll want to do after you’ve secured your preorder (if you manage to get one with reasonable shipping times). make an appointment on your calendar for iphone pickup day...and set a calendar appointment for exactly two weeks later. call it “are you really sure?” day.	iphone iphone_xs iphone_xr iphone_xs_max
a large chunk of apple’s audience is already lighting their bank accounts on fire in anticipation of all the neat new gear they can start preordering this week. that’s just the way it is, and partly why apple can afford to do things like build sprawling, $200 buildings in the heart of silicon valley. 	preorder
it’s that time again: time for your annual frantic search to find all of the original packaging for your older iphone, ipad, or apple watch. that’s the best way to sell it for the highest possible sum, after all, before you plunk down a preorder for whatever apple’s announcing this week.	iphone apple_watch ipad
craigslist is a great place to find inexpensive stuff, but it can also be dangerous. to combat crimes, police departments across the country are offering “safe zones” for craigslist transactions.	craigslist crime
using icloud to monitor the location of your apple devices is an easy way to keep track of your stuff, and lock it down when it’s in the wrong hands. just remember to say goodbye to icloud before you sell that aging imac. designer brenden mulligan signed into his icloud account and found an old friend waiting for him among his list of devices: the imac he had sold nearly three years prior. mulligan had formatted and reset the machine, so there was no trace of his data on it, but the device was still associated with his icloud account, and still let him interact with the sold imac, thanks to find my mac and its theft prevention tools. he may have removed all his data from the machine, but it turned out there there was more to be done.
	icloud find_my_mac apple
macos: freedom, the cross-platform app that blocks distracting websites, just got even more powerful. now on macos, and soon on windows, freedom can block desktop apps.
	freedom macos
there’s a second use for freedom, a simple app that lets you block distracting sites like twitter for a few minutes, hours, or days. as the app’s blog points out, freedom also works as a clickbait blocker that hides the gross and misleading “around the web” links at the bottom of news articles (aka the chumbox).
	freedom
chrome: it&#39;s no secret that adblock plus is one of our favorite add-ons, and it does a lot of cool things. however, it&#39;s definitely memory hungry, and can slow your system down. if you want a leaner alternative that still keeps the web clean and protects your privacy, try ublock (or rather, µblock.)	chrome adblock_plus privacy
 windows/mac os x: when it&#39;s time to dig deep and do some serious focusing on a task—and refrain from surfing or checking email entirely for a block of time—you want temporary internet disconnection utility freedom. freedom serves a simple purpose: it disables all wireless and ethernet networking on your computer for up to six hours at a time. after the time you specify is up, freedom re-enables your network adapters and displays a confirmation. what, think you can just turn freedom off to hop online to check the olympic medal count? not so fast, buster.	mac_os_x




windows/mac/linux (firefox): the leechblock firefox extension blocks sets of time-wasting web sites during user-specified time intervals. leechblock is a lot like lifehacker&#39;s invisibility cloak greasemonkey script in extension form, offering an easy-to-use graphical user interface for putting together and then blocking your biggest time-wasting web sites. if you&#39;re on the web all day at work and you find yourself short on self control, leechblock can help. leechblock is free, works wherever firefox does.
	firefox
 if your computer&#39;s running slowly and you&#39;ve tried everything else, it might be time for a fresh install of your operating system. here are some tips, tricks, and best practices to get through the process quickly and easily.	install
windows only: the pc decrapifier removes crapware—the system-hogging, usually unwanted programs vendors stuff onto new pcs.	windows
apple’s new desktop operating system,  high sierra, is officially available for your downloading pleasure. compared to apple’s ios 11 update, which added a host of new features like augmented reality; a new dock on the ipad; and improved multitasking support; high sierra’s improvements are mostly under the hood. you won’t find many flashy additions, but you will notice upgrades to a variety of services you employ on a daily basis, upgrades that should make your experience with macos snappier and more secure.	macos
iphone: your iphone has a built in world clock, but it kind of sucks. zones is not only a better alternative, it also packs in features apple’s option should have.
	
ios: calendar apps are usually pretty boring, sticking to the time honored grid or list view to display data. that’s probably the best for anyone with a lot to manage, but vantage calendar takes an altogether new approach that’s worth a look if your schedule isn’t always packed.
	ios calendar
in ios 11, you might find yourself tapping and touching apps to find out what new features lay hidden just beneath the force-sensitive surface. if you’re one who likes to start fresh whenever you get a new os upgrade on your device, you’re probably going to spend some time arranging apps on the homescreen to your liking. on earlier versions of ios, organizing apps was a slow and time-consuming process. ios 11, however, brings with it a simple and welcome change that makes rearranging your apps a little easier.	ios_11 apps ios
with ios 11, apple rolled out a new screenshot tool for the iphone and ipad that allows you to quickly edit your screenshot after you capture it.
	ios_11 ipad screens iphone
if you’ve installed ios 11 on your ipad, then you’ve probably come face-to-face with the operating system’s new keyboard feature, key flicks. basically, apple has taken its regular keyboard and overlaid numbers and symbols on each letter.
	ios_11 ipad apple
before you download ios 11, you should make sure all the apps you rely on will work with the newest version of the operating system.
	ios_11
if you accidentally leave important items at home in your rush to leave the house in the morning, try stashing your keys under what you don’t want to forget.
	keys
how would you like to be able to recall the name of a client or associate you just met? how would you like to go to the bank and not fumble for your account number every stinking time? everyday scenarios like these are classic examples of our need for memorization. the function of memory has so many more applications, too—public speaking, schoolwork, studying, research, the list goes on and on. imagine if we could be better at it.	memory
here&#39;s a little secret you might never have guessed: the people who can accomplish incredible mnemonic feats like memorizing the order of a shuffled deck of cards or hundreds of random numbers in minutes don&#39;t have photographic memories. they have normal brains like you and, yes, me. this past weekend i competed in the 15th annual usa memory championship—an olympiad of sorts where &quot;mental athletes&quot; test their power of recall. lucky for me, i learned a few tricks from the reigning champ for the second year in a row, nelson dellis. here are the techniques nelson taught me that you can start incorporating into your everyday life to make your memory stronger. 	memory brain
most of us are able to store only about four to seven different items in our short-term memory. one way to get past this limit is to use a technique called chunking. by grouping several items into one larger whole, you&#39;ll be able to remember much more. 	memory
human memory is quirky, complicated, and unreliable. even when we think we&#39;re remembering everything accurately, chances are things have gotten twisted along the way. let’s take a look at why your memory sucks, and how you can change that.	memory
when you know how to use it, nothing works more efficiently than your own memory, even if you think your memory is lacking. an average memory is a lot more powerful than you think, and there are steps to tapping into your memory&#39;s power, and using it to your advantage in everyday life.	memory
pcs are great, but often they feel like they’re made for another species besides humanity. each additional cord you plug in adds a new cord for you to manage and untangle. they’re customizable, but it’s intimidating to open one up and start pulling out its guts. that big ol’ display on your desk takes up a lot of counter space. luckily, you can reclaim the real estate on your desk, replace your mess of cables with a one-stop connection shop, and put everything in its place to improve your quality of life (and that crick in your neck) with these must-have accessories to your workspace.	pc
job hunting is always an exercise in patience and managed expectations. whether you’re looking for a new gig, trying to get your foot in the door of an unfamiliar industry, or just want to ensure your professional life stays up to date and appealing, there’s no doubt you’ll have to get on linkedin and spruce up that profile. let’s be honest: your current profile probably isn’t cutting it, and needs some work if you want to make a good first impression before you meet face-to-face for an interview.
	work linkedin
being able to boast about your accomplishments or abilities without making everyone around you roll their eyes is an art form. there’s a time and place for it, and according to a recent study, there’s even a right and wrong way to do it.
	
machine learning (aka a.i.) seems bizarre and complicated. it’s the tech behind image and speech recognition, recommendation systems, and all kinds of tasks that computers used to be really bad at but are now really good at. it involves teaching a computer to teach itself. and you can learn to do it in well under a year, according to data scientist bargava. you’ll need to put in a solid 10-20 hours a week, but you will learn a lot along the way.	machine_learning a.i.
whether you&#39;re learning to code or are already an experienced programmer, this github repository is an incredible resource of free programming books.	learning programming free

	there are so many programming languages to choose from if you want to learn to code or continue your programming journey. this collection of free programming books introduces 24 languages, from c to scheme.	learn_to_code programming free
